R2MCX553KZI0WY::This book's a lifesaver::While the T3 is a pretty easy camera to use, there are a lot of hidden features and tricks I would probably never have discovered without this book. Chapter 3 starts out with..."One thing that surprises new owners of the Canon EOS Rebel T3 is that the camera has a total of 496 buttons, dials, switches, levers, latches, and knobs bristling from it's surface. Okay, I lied. Actually, the real number is closer to two dozen controls and adjustments, but that's still a lot of components to master, especially when you consider that many of these controls serve double-duty to give you access to multiple functions."This quote serves two purposes here; to illustrate that this is not just a dry reference manual and to point out that there are in fact quite a few bells and whistles that the camera has to offer. I've actually found this book to be an enjoyable read; however I also spend a lot of my time studying military standards which can make just about anything else seem interesting! While it may seem time consuming to read a book geared to just one camera, it's actually a time saver if you really want to know how to get the most out of your T3.::While the T3 is a pretty easy camera to use, there are a lot of hidden features and tricks I would probably never have discovered without this book. Chapter 3 starts out with..."One thing that surprises new owners of the Canon EOS Rebel T3 is that the camera has a total of 496 buttons, dials, switches, levers, latches, and knobs bristling from it's surface. Okay, I lied. Actually, the real number is closer to two dozen controls and adjustments, but that's still a lot of components to master, especially when you consider that many of these controls serve double-duty to give you access to multiple functions."This quote serves two purposes here; to illustrate that this is not just a dry reference manual and to point out that there are in fact quite a few bells and whistles that the camera has to offer. I've actually found this book to be an enjoyable read; however I also spend a lot of my time studying military standards which can make just about anything else seem interesting! While it may seem time consuming to read a book geared to just one camera, it's actually a time saver if you really want to know how to get the most out of your T3.::5.0::November 26, 2011
R1H8TA2T3JEB0G::Covers everything you must know -- and more.::This is the latest of Busch's best-of-breed guidebooks, offering a comprehensive manual for the Canon EOS Rebel T3 entry-level digital SLR. The T3 is a basic 12-megapixel model that lacks some features and the high price tag of more luxe beginner cameras like the T3i, but its affordability will attract beginners who want a camera with room to grow into.  Busch's book has the information you need to learn and grow, supplying easy explanations of using the T3's basic features accompanied by simple introductions to the kind of more advanced capabilities that will help even the rawest neophyte take the best pictures of their lives. Although very accessible, this book goes much deeper than the run-of-the-mill camera guides to offer advice on how to use every control, select every menu option.. The author's friendly style leads you through the camera's features and tells you not only what each capability does, but gives examples of when you'll get the most benefit from using it. Busch explains all the new features for the D5100 in a way that's easy to understand. His novel approach is to condense all the essential information about each and every control on the camera into a multi-page "roadmap" that explains their functions without the need to leap around from page to page, as is the case with the Canon manual. He devotes several full chapters to outlining every menu option, and actually provides much more detail than you'll find in most of the other "expanded" guides for the T3.Although this book is comprehensive, it's easy reading, and if you want a condensed version to carry around with you, Busch offers that too. His David Busch's Compact Field Guide for the Canon EOS Rebel T3/1100D is a worthy replacement for those laminated cheat sheets that fold out into six index card sized tabs with one-sentence summaries of most of the menu settings, too. While the portable version duplicates some of the information found in this book, the two make a great pair for home and field. You'll want to buy them both to have the information you need on the go and for study at home.::This is the latest of Busch's best-of-breed guidebooks, offering a comprehensive manual for the Canon EOS Rebel T3 entry-level digital SLR. The T3 is a basic 12-megapixel model that lacks some features and the high price tag of more luxe beginner cameras like the T3i, but its affordability will attract beginners who want a camera with room to grow into.  Busch's book has the information you need to learn and grow, supplying easy explanations of using the T3's basic features accompanied by simple introductions to the kind of more advanced capabilities that will help even the rawest neophyte take the best pictures of their lives. Although very accessible, this book goes much deeper than the run-of-the-mill camera guides to offer advice on how to use every control, select every menu option.. The author's friendly style leads you through the camera's features and tells you not only what each capability does, but gives examples of when you'll get the most benefit from using it. Busch explains all the new features for the D5100 in a way that's easy to understand. His novel approach is to condense all the essential information about each and every control on the camera into a multi-page "roadmap" that explains their functions without the need to leap around from page to page, as is the case with the Canon manual. He devotes several full chapters to outlining every menu option, and actually provides much more detail than you'll find in most of the other "expanded" guides for the T3.Although this book is comprehensive, it's easy reading, and if you want a condensed version to carry around with you, Busch offers that too. His David Busch's Compact Field Guide for the Canon EOS Rebel T3/1100D is a worthy replacement for those laminated cheat sheets that fold out into six index card sized tabs with one-sentence summaries of most of the menu settings, too. While the portable version duplicates some of the information found in this book, the two make a great pair for home and field. You'll want to buy them both to have the information you need on the go and for study at home.::5.0::July 28, 2011
RDELFZI16ORQJ::Love this book!::I am new to the Digital SLR world.  This is my first camera I had bought, so the next best thing was to invest in the book to see how my camera works... Well I'm learning so much stuff, it's crazy!!  This book is well written and easy to understand. There is a field book also, that I did not purchase at first, and I should have!!  That will be my next purchase, that way if I forget something I have read, I can pull out my field book and have it handy!!!::I am new to the Digital SLR world.  This is my first camera I had bought, so the next best thing was to invest in the book to see how my camera works... Well I'm learning so much stuff, it's crazy!!  This book is well written and easy to understand. There is a field book also, that I did not purchase at first, and I should have!!  That will be my next purchase, that way if I forget something I have read, I can pull out my field book and have it handy!!!::5.0::September 24, 2011
R2OI53BGIMPVPQ::Absolutely informative and helpful::I had never used or even purchased a dSLR before and was debating on buying the T3/1100D. I was looking at various guides and this one really stood out. I breezed through others but it was David Busch's guide I bought. I actually bought his guide to field work which is rally helpful too.This book was the deciding factor on whether I wanted the t3 or not. I did all of my research read through all of the reviews on the T3 however I did not know how comfortable I would feel with this camera. I could play with it all day at the store but if I couldn't understand from the guide and from my own level compentency it just wouldn't be the purchase for me.David Busch really did a great job. This book is for everyone no matter how skilled you are with the dSLR already. I felt immediately comfortable and truly felt like I was understanding and grasping his directions. He did not assume anything on the readers part nor did he speak down to the reader.I have since added several other books of his to my wish list. I have this one on my kindle but I think I will be buying it in paperback as well just to have a backup incase I want to flip or highlight anything on actual paper. I have since followed him on his blog and become a very big fan of his writing. I may not know everything heck or even 1% about photography but I do feel that it is something I can learn and am not thinking it is an impossible task anymore thanks to Busch's books::I had never used or even purchased a dSLR before and was debating on buying the T3/1100D. I was looking at various guides and this one really stood out. I breezed through others but it was David Busch's guide I bought. I actually bought his guide to field work which is rally helpful too.This book was the deciding factor on whether I wanted the t3 or not. I did all of my research read through all of the reviews on the T3 however I did not know how comfortable I would feel with this camera. I could play with it all day at the store but if I couldn't understand from the guide and from my own level compentency it just wouldn't be the purchase for me.David Busch really did a great job. This book is for everyone no matter how skilled you are with the dSLR already. I felt immediately comfortable and truly felt like I was understanding and grasping his directions. He did not assume anything on the readers part nor did he speak down to the reader.I have since added several other books of his to my wish list. I have this one on my kindle but I think I will be buying it in paperback as well just to have a backup incase I want to flip or highlight anything on actual paper. I have since followed him on his blog and become a very big fan of his writing. I may not know everything heck or even 1% about photography but I do feel that it is something I can learn and am not thinking it is an impossible task anymore thanks to Busch's books::5.0::December 31, 2011
RLPWH1O9Q2M1U::Perfect companion.::Although this book is similar in layout and much content to the author's T3i guide, owners of the entry-level T3 model need this version, because the features of the two cameras don't completely overlap.  This one is written specifically for the T3, and is easily the best available guide for this camera. A quick glance through this innovative book shows that Busch is the world's best-selling camera guide author for a reason. His books are a cut above the other books, which all repeat what you see in the book packaged with the camera, without going into any depth on how to use them. This one, although compact and portable,  is different, with Busch's trademark friendly introduction to the Canon EOS Rebel T3, accessible to anyone -- novice to veteran -- who wants to learn how to use the camera quickly. In that respect, it's great for beginners. But the author is especially skilled at taking you beyond the basics to explain exactly how to apply the features of the T3 to improve your photographic skills.Individual chapters of the book explore the finer points of exposure, including the use of histograms, understanding the T3's autofocus options, HD movie-making, and creative ways to use lenses and light. There are thirteen chapters in all, each of them dealing with a different aspect of using the EOS T3. Even the general material on topics like f/stops and exposure all relate directly to his camera.This book is especially good for those who feel they are "visually oriented." These folks tend to gravitate to DVD instruction, not realizing that such productions are basically audio programs with images, and aren't really visually oriented at all. With a DVD, you're basically using your ears to listen to a talking head explain the camera, and what you hear may not sink in immediately. Busch's guide takes the right visual approach, using large full-color illustrations accompanied by the text you need to quickly understand what the author is explaining. We've reviewed several of Busch's guides, and, after reading this one, still wonder why all camera guides aren't this good.::Although this book is similar in layout and much content to the author's T3i guide, owners of the entry-level T3 model need this version, because the features of the two cameras don't completely overlap.  This one is written specifically for the T3, and is easily the best available guide for this camera. A quick glance through this innovative book shows that Busch is the world's best-selling camera guide author for a reason. His books are a cut above the other books, which all repeat what you see in the book packaged with the camera, without going into any depth on how to use them. This one, although compact and portable,  is different, with Busch's trademark friendly introduction to the Canon EOS Rebel T3, accessible to anyone -- novice to veteran -- who wants to learn how to use the camera quickly. In that respect, it's great for beginners. But the author is especially skilled at taking you beyond the basics to explain exactly how to apply the features of the T3 to improve your photographic skills.Individual chapters of the book explore the finer points of exposure, including the use of histograms, understanding the T3's autofocus options, HD movie-making, and creative ways to use lenses and light. There are thirteen chapters in all, each of them dealing with a different aspect of using the EOS T3. Even the general material on topics like f/stops and exposure all relate directly to his camera.This book is especially good for those who feel they are "visually oriented." These folks tend to gravitate to DVD instruction, not realizing that such productions are basically audio programs with images, and aren't really visually oriented at all. With a DVD, you're basically using your ears to listen to a talking head explain the camera, and what you hear may not sink in immediately. Busch's guide takes the right visual approach, using large full-color illustrations accompanied by the text you need to quickly understand what the author is explaining. We've reviewed several of Busch's guides, and, after reading this one, still wonder why all camera guides aren't this good.::5.0::July 28, 2011
R1UAXXVFTSDKVA::"Sit down with me and let me show you how..."::I purchased my Rebel T3 about a month ago and am in love with this camera.  It is my first dSLR and I have a lot to learn as a newbie.  I've identified a wonderful photography forum at Ugly Hedgehog.com and enjoy seeing photos and reading how photographers caught their shots.  Many links are provided to hundreds of websites for further information.  This has been fun but overwhelming in trying to learn the ins and outs of dSLR and specifically my T3, just because of the massive amount of information that is available and so much of it that is not applicable to my T3.  However, what I gained most was one user stating that "anyone who owns a Rebel T3 needs to get David Busch's Canon EOS Rebel T3/1100D Guide to Digital SLR Photography".  My search led me to Amazon and after reading the first chapter free, I was hooked.  I purchased the Kindle version so I have it to take with me as needed.  It is easy to read and the picture quality is good, even though it is in black and white only.  Having it on my computer Kindle library is like getting 2 books for the price of one.  The large computer colored screen view with fantastic quality pictures is a real plus.  As to the quality of the information the author provides, I find it exceptionally easy to understand.  He really does make me feel like he is sitting down with me and showing me how to use my new camera and all of its features.  I just made my purchase today and am so pleased with it.  This is one book that I know I will read cover to cover and will have as a much used reference book in the future.  I agree... anyone who owns a Rebel T3 needs to have this book.::I purchased my Rebel T3 about a month ago and am in love with this camera.  It is my first dSLR and I have a lot to learn as a newbie.  I've identified a wonderful photography forum at Ugly Hedgehog.com and enjoy seeing photos and reading how photographers caught their shots.  Many links are provided to hundreds of websites for further information.  This has been fun but overwhelming in trying to learn the ins and outs of dSLR and specifically my T3, just because of the massive amount of information that is available and so much of it that is not applicable to my T3.  However, what I gained most was one user stating that "anyone who owns a Rebel T3 needs to get David Busch's Canon EOS Rebel T3/1100D Guide to Digital SLR Photography".  My search led me to Amazon and after reading the first chapter free, I was hooked.  I purchased the Kindle version so I have it to take with me as needed.  It is easy to read and the picture quality is good, even though it is in black and white only.  Having it on my computer Kindle library is like getting 2 books for the price of one.  The large computer colored screen view with fantastic quality pictures is a real plus.  As to the quality of the information the author provides, I find it exceptionally easy to understand.  He really does make me feel like he is sitting down with me and showing me how to use my new camera and all of its features.  I just made my purchase today and am so pleased with it.  This is one book that I know I will read cover to cover and will have as a much used reference book in the future.  I agree... anyone who owns a Rebel T3 needs to have this book.::5.0::November 10, 2011
R1RO4H3X08OAZM::Great Book::This book is amazing.  I've learned so much about my camera, things I didn't even know my camera did.  It even has information on which lenses to use and other accessories.::This book is amazing.  I've learned so much about my camera, things I didn't even know my camera did.  It even has information on which lenses to use and other accessories.::5.0::July 24, 2012
R1MFA6KY2HV9ER::Pleased with book purchase::I have read most of David Busch's "Canon EOS Rebel T3/100D Guide To Digital Photography"  and would recommed it for anyone owning a Canon Rebel T3 DSLR camera.  The author explains many features more detailed than the brief owner's manual and this book is worth buying.::I have read most of David Busch's "Canon EOS Rebel T3/100D Guide To Digital Photography"  and would recommed it for anyone owning a Canon Rebel T3 DSLR camera.  The author explains many features more detailed than the brief owner's manual and this book is worth buying.::5.0::February 24, 2012
RFT5M1DP53C7A::Must have::I bought and read this book after buying my first DSLR.  It was essential in understanding how my camera worked and to understand how to apply techniques from Brian Peterson's field guide (my other favorite photography book).  I still find myself going back and referencing this book if I get a new add on for the camera or don't quite understand how to achieve a certain technique.  It's great and I always recommend it to people getting their first DSLR camera.::I bought and read this book after buying my first DSLR.  It was essential in understanding how my camera worked and to understand how to apply techniques from Brian Peterson's field guide (my other favorite photography book).  I still find myself going back and referencing this book if I get a new add on for the camera or don't quite understand how to achieve a certain technique.  It's great and I always recommend it to people getting their first DSLR camera.::5.0::January 5, 2012
R3H5FY5EFOK29L::You Need This Book::I got the Canon T3 and the manual is on a DVD.  That isn't real convenient.  I don't want to run to the computer every time I have a question.  The big plus is that this book is written specifically for this camera, which is just what I needed and wanted.  The camera is pretty simple to use but if I want to get a little more advanced this book walks me right through it.  I can take the book along with me and don't have to go boot up the computer to TRY to find an answer on the DVD.::I got the Canon T3 and the manual is on a DVD.  That isn't real convenient.  I don't want to run to the computer every time I have a question.  The big plus is that this book is written specifically for this camera, which is just what I needed and wanted.  The camera is pretty simple to use but if I want to get a little more advanced this book walks me right through it.  I can take the book along with me and don't have to go boot up the computer to TRY to find an answer on the DVD.::5.0::October 24, 2011
R3KM5O62ALGIU7::Great book!::My camera sat unused, in the box, for over a year because I was intimidated by all of the functions. After reading the first few chapters, I was navigating the camera with no problem! I would recommend this to anyone new to DSLR photography.::My camera sat unused, in the box, for over a year because I was intimidated by all of the functions. After reading the first few chapters, I was navigating the camera with no problem! I would recommend this to anyone new to DSLR photography.::5.0::August 25, 2013
R14MU9BS7JEJHF::Be a rebel expert!::This complete book goes into every detail of this camera in "plain english" for the non-professional. I bought both the field guide and this complete version.  Although I  love the field guide, this "complete" book gives the most in depth details you could ever want or need to use this camera. The author doesnt use "technical" mumbo jumbo so be assured if your a beginner you will feel comfortable learning all the ins& outs of this great camera.::This complete book goes into every detail of this camera in "plain english" for the non-professional. I bought both the field guide and this complete version.  Although I  love the field guide, this "complete" book gives the most in depth details you could ever want or need to use this camera. The author doesnt use "technical" mumbo jumbo so be assured if your a beginner you will feel comfortable learning all the ins& outs of this great camera.::5.0::March 8, 2013
R30R34ZA3Z8K2X::GOOD INFORMATION::This is a great book.  Almost like a course study.  It covers the basics and gets you ready for the advanced stuff.::This is a great book.  Almost like a course study.  It covers the basics and gets you ready for the advanced stuff.::5.0::January 25, 2013
R1IVMPPFKN63HY::Good guide for beginners::I'm a first time DSLR camera owner.  I bought this book to show me all the ins and outs of my camera.  It goes through set up and all the features.  That part is great.  I just wish it was written for someone that had never used this type of camera.  Some of the terms were a little over my head.  Still it is a must have but I'm still going to do more research.::I'm a first time DSLR camera owner.  I bought this book to show me all the ins and outs of my camera.  It goes through set up and all the features.  That part is great.  I just wish it was written for someone that had never used this type of camera.  Some of the terms were a little over my head.  Still it is a must have but I'm still going to do more research.::3.0::January 25, 2013
R3R1ED0EMHIR74::Perfect book::I am very pleased that I decided to buy this book. The font size is nice and big for my tired old eyes and there are plenty of nice big pictures to show different aspects of the camera.This is so much more than a book to show me how to use my new 1100 D, it's a book that will teach me a lot about photography as well.::I am very pleased that I decided to buy this book. The font size is nice and big for my tired old eyes and there are plenty of nice big pictures to show different aspects of the camera.This is so much more than a book to show me how to use my new 1100 D, it's a book that will teach me a lot about photography as well.::5.0::January 21, 2013
R2T4159MT7GKNP::David Busch's Canon EOS Rebel T3/1100D Guide to Digital SLR::Good reference. Easy to understand A course in it self on how to learn how to operate your camera and take great pictures::Good reference. Easy to understand A course in it self on how to learn how to operate your camera and take great pictures::5.0::January 8, 2013
R3N7RAAQ7FYHSG::David Busch's Canon EOS Rebel T3/1100D Guide::Good Book of Canon instructions....(and it is hard for me to understandwhat I read...but certainly no trouble with this.)  A book well written.::Good Book of Canon instructions....(and it is hard for me to understandwhat I read...but certainly no trouble with this.)  A book well written.::5.0::November 28, 2012
R2RFO5XPI3BOPN::Great Additional Purchase::This book is an excellent additional purchase for anyone just starting out with a DSLR or someone who just wants to know more. This book along with all of David Busch's books have information for the beginning to advanced user. It contains excellent clear instructions that pertain to your camera model. That are accompanied by pictures and examples. If you spend the money on a camera like this it is worth it to spend a little extra on this book to make sure that you get the most out of your camera.::This book is an excellent additional purchase for anyone just starting out with a DSLR or someone who just wants to know more. This book along with all of David Busch's books have information for the beginning to advanced user. It contains excellent clear instructions that pertain to your camera model. That are accompanied by pictures and examples. If you spend the money on a camera like this it is worth it to spend a little extra on this book to make sure that you get the most out of your camera.::5.0::October 16, 2012
R2I3LSU42C4RNH::satisifed reader in ga::Excellant Book... describes the camera in great detail. gives some great hints.. well worth the money.  This book should be included in the camara box!::Excellant Book... describes the camera in great detail. gives some great hints.. well worth the money.  This book should be included in the camara box!::5.0::August 12, 2012
R3NLRRYZXEOY7X::Canon eos book::A very good book covering all the intricacies of the Canon camera.  This was very useful since I have not used a digital SLR.::A very good book covering all the intricacies of the Canon camera.  This was very useful since I have not used a digital SLR.::5.0::August 10, 2012
R303M8CGIT0MJI::Nice::This is a great book for all photo starters, I would definitely recommend it to my friends. Good shipping time and nice quality paper.::This is a great book for all photo starters, I would definitely recommend it to my friends. Good shipping time and nice quality paper.::5.0::January 18, 2012
R2D3XVTIE8QCK1::A Must Have::This book helped so much in learning how to use my new camera. Step by Step instructions.  The Book is a Must have item. You won't be disappointed.::This book helped so much in learning how to use my new camera. Step by Step instructions.  The Book is a Must have item. You won't be disappointed.::5.0::January 9, 2012
RE3VUBSUTSKTN::Great reference::This book contains just about everything you will need to understand your camera. It is  much better than many other books I have gotten. This is written specifically for the Canon T3 which makes understanding the instructions  much easier. There are pictures of the camera to help explain the text. I got this because I was taking a class that required I use my owner's manual that came with the camera. After the first week I knew I was in trouble because the manual that was included did not have the information I needed. Purchasing this book made all the difference!::This book contains just about everything you will need to understand your camera. It is  much better than many other books I have gotten. This is written specifically for the Canon T3 which makes understanding the instructions  much easier. There are pictures of the camera to help explain the text. I got this because I was taking a class that required I use my owner's manual that came with the camera. After the first week I knew I was in trouble because the manual that was included did not have the information I needed. Purchasing this book made all the difference!::5.0::May 13, 2014
RV93QCGB4CWL6::Everything you need to know and Canon failed to tell you.::David gives much better instruction about the Canon T3 than anything I've gotten from Canon.  It is laid out wonderfully and explains many concepts that were difficult to understand without his help.::David gives much better instruction about the Canon T3 than anything I've gotten from Canon.  It is laid out wonderfully and explains many concepts that were difficult to understand without his help.::5.0::April 8, 2014
RIUY5HP5XKPAF::Guide to Digital SLR Photography::I thought I was buying the book on the T3i instead of the T3. I should read more carefully, It was my fault.Still a lot of very useful info that covers most of my camera and photography in general.If I feel I need the guide for the T3i after reading this, I know where I can find it.::I thought I was buying the book on the T3i instead of the T3. I should read more carefully, It was my fault.Still a lot of very useful info that covers most of my camera and photography in general.If I feel I need the guide for the T3i after reading this, I know where I can find it.::4.0::April 4, 2014
R33VQGU0QUK7OI::In depth guide to teach you everything you want to know about your T3::If you're a complete beginner to the world of SLR photography, you should probably pick up a different book first to get a better understanding of aperture, ISO, focal length, etc. However, if you have a basic knowledge of photography, own a T3 and want to get the most out of it, this book is a must have. This book covers nearly every feature of the camera in great detail and offers good examples of when to use certain features, along with explanations and suggestions for making necessary compromises to achieve the results you want from any type of shot you're trying to capture.::If you're a complete beginner to the world of SLR photography, you should probably pick up a different book first to get a better understanding of aperture, ISO, focal length, etc. However, if you have a basic knowledge of photography, own a T3 and want to get the most out of it, this book is a must have. This book covers nearly every feature of the camera in great detail and offers good examples of when to use certain features, along with explanations and suggestions for making necessary compromises to achieve the results you want from any type of shot you're trying to capture.::5.0::March 23, 2014
RL2IWOZ63CWLJ::concise, highly detailed::Highly detail led guide not only on the camera but how to shoot digital photography with it. I read this after I had hee camera for a year and I still learned a lot, definitely worth a read.::Highly detail led guide not only on the camera but how to shoot digital photography with it. I read this after I had hee camera for a year and I still learned a lot, definitely worth a read.::5.0::February 4, 2014
RCU8TXNR73RJ8::Big help.::I bought a T3 for my wife for Christmas.  It is her first slr/dslr and she has really gotten good results with it.  This book has helped although the camera itself is fairly user friendly.  She has never entered a photo contest before but she submitted 2 photos to a contest in a state park and one of them won first place.  The book got her up and running sooner than she could have without it and she is excited about experimenting with some of the other tips in the book.::I bought a T3 for my wife for Christmas.  It is her first slr/dslr and she has really gotten good results with it.  This book has helped although the camera itself is fairly user friendly.  She has never entered a photo contest before but she submitted 2 photos to a contest in a state park and one of them won first place.  The book got her up and running sooner than she could have without it and she is excited about experimenting with some of the other tips in the book.::4.0::January 26, 2014
R1ZG2I7DL3J0S3::For someone else::This is a very nice book.  I bought it for my 15 year old grand daughter (to go with the Rebel T3 we got her for Christmas.)  I believe it is written on a level that everyone can understand.  Just glancing through the book I discovered the  Wi-Fi SD memory card; I had no idea such a thing even existed!  I cannot give a "real" review of the book since I am not going to be using it, but just scanning it, I had no regrets about buying it.::This is a very nice book.  I bought it for my 15 year old grand daughter (to go with the Rebel T3 we got her for Christmas.)  I believe it is written on a level that everyone can understand.  Just glancing through the book I discovered the  Wi-Fi SD memory card; I had no idea such a thing even existed!  I cannot give a "real" review of the book since I am not going to be using it, but just scanning it, I had no regrets about buying it.::5.0::December 19, 2013
R36R8EG11FIOCV::great book::Very easy to read and informative!  I recommend this book..it was better than the book that came with the camera!::Very easy to read and informative!  I recommend this book..it was better than the book that came with the camera!::4.0::November 3, 2013
R2IUNAAZTGZO5R::Another Must Have::When I bought my Canon EOS Rebel T3 I was overwhelmed with all the bells and whistles.  I started in reading the manual and was really worried I wasn't getting clear enough information to use everything the camera offers.  Then I bought David Busch's book and my worries were put to rest.  Everything is explained in a clear way with lots of pictures to show you exactly what to do.  This is a must have book if you own this camera and are just learning photography with DSLR cameras. It even has a companion book with the same name but in a spiral bound field guide.  Buy it too and take it with you when you are away from your big book and need quick answers.::When I bought my Canon EOS Rebel T3 I was overwhelmed with all the bells and whistles.  I started in reading the manual and was really worried I wasn't getting clear enough information to use everything the camera offers.  Then I bought David Busch's book and my worries were put to rest.  Everything is explained in a clear way with lots of pictures to show you exactly what to do.  This is a must have book if you own this camera and are just learning photography with DSLR cameras. It even has a companion book with the same name but in a spiral bound field guide.  Buy it too and take it with you when you are away from your big book and need quick answers.::5.0::October 15, 2013
R3JA9VJL9LQTLV::Thank you.::I haven't had a whole lot of time to dig into the book yet because of my work schedule, but just flipping through it, I know that this book will answer any questions that I may have.  Thank you!::I haven't had a whole lot of time to dig into the book yet because of my work schedule, but just flipping through it, I know that this book will answer any questions that I may have.  Thank you!::5.0::October 15, 2013
R29O6OOKCT6KBU::Exactly what I was looking for::Book was exactly what I needed to get a better understanding of my camera. I love it, and am glad I made this purchase!::Book was exactly what I needed to get a better understanding of my camera. I love it, and am glad I made this purchase!::5.0::October 4, 2013
RNVOCRVO8O2MU::Understandable camera users guide.::It has helped me understand the operations of my camera in very simple to follow instructions. I would recommend this book for not just the beginner but the advace camera enthusiast.::It has helped me understand the operations of my camera in very simple to follow instructions. I would recommend this book for not just the beginner but the advace camera enthusiast.::4.0::July 20, 2013
RZ5IEHGEM63B9::good guide::This book is easy to follow and it explains camera features well.  I have not yet read the whole book as it is a lot to digest so I am taking it a step at a time.  It has a good index.::This book is easy to follow and it explains camera features well.  I have not yet read the whole book as it is a lot to digest so I am taking it a step at a time.  It has a good index.::4.0::July 16, 2013
R35XPFRG0YGD4B::OK::I have been reading this book and it assumes you already have some knowledge of this camera. I did not! Before I bought my Canon T3, I used a Sony point-and-shoot camera. I have decided to read the CDs that were part of the camera package. They are easier to understand.::I have been reading this book and it assumes you already have some knowledge of this camera. I did not! Before I bought my Canon T3, I used a Sony point-and-shoot camera. I have decided to read the CDs that were part of the camera package. They are easier to understand.::3.0::May 5, 2013
R17LWO0M9IN3TG::Great Book for Novice SLR User::I bought this camera and then realized if I wanted to get all the benefits out of it, I would have to do more than set it on auto.  This book is a great guide for learning.  I read it once to just get an overview of some things I should know and then went back and spent some time digesting all that he was explaining.  I will be referring to this book for some time as I practice my photography skills.::I bought this camera and then realized if I wanted to get all the benefits out of it, I would have to do more than set it on auto.  This book is a great guide for learning.  I read it once to just get an overview of some things I should know and then went back and spent some time digesting all that he was explaining.  I will be referring to this book for some time as I practice my photography skills.::5.0::May 4, 2013
RJEP9QY0UW7B1::Cannon Rebel T3/1100D::It has been a great book for learning my Canon Rebell and all if has to offer.  Thanks Mr. Busch for putting this together for us.::It has been a great book for learning my Canon Rebell and all if has to offer.  Thanks Mr. Busch for putting this together for us.::5.0::April 13, 2013
R2CQ7E2J29Y7TF::Better than your camera's manual::I am only in the beginning stages of using this book and I downloaded the Kindle version.  The photographs and user information are very helpful.  I bought this book because the T3 is my first DSLR camera.::I am only in the beginning stages of using this book and I downloaded the Kindle version.  The photographs and user information are very helpful.  I bought this book because the T3 is my first DSLR camera.::5.0::April 8, 2013
R1M22N83B6BT73::perfect::well written and easy to read. must own for learning your new (or old) camera. filler word filler filler filler::well written and easy to read. must own for learning your new (or old) camera. filler word filler filler filler::5.0::April 8, 2013
ROR3G9N6I4DEV::Great book::Have not had a chance to read the whole book yet, but from what I have read so far, it has been very helpful.  There are a lot of features, buttons, etc. on the Canon Rebel T3, and this will help me understand how to get the most out of my camera.::Have not had a chance to read the whole book yet, but from what I have read so far, it has been very helpful.  There are a lot of features, buttons, etc. on the Canon Rebel T3, and this will help me understand how to get the most out of my camera.::5.0::March 1, 2013
R32X09JN1KLHFH::Great help::This book is a great help and easy to use.  There are so many things to learn about this camera that are now easier to figure out with the aid of the book.::This book is a great help and easy to use.  There are so many things to learn about this camera that are now easier to figure out with the aid of the book.::5.0::February 28, 2013
R2NEKF7OLY4IRA::A Great Guide for a Great Camera::David Busch's guides are written in plain, easy to understand language.  This guide supplements the guide on CD and short paper book guide that came with the camera.  It has useful tips, and clear diagrams, and helps you navigate through all the menus.::David Busch's guides are written in plain, easy to understand language.  This guide supplements the guide on CD and short paper book guide that came with the camera.  It has useful tips, and clear diagrams, and helps you navigate through all the menus.::5.0::February 23, 2013
R13B5A4AX5YD4G::EOS Rebel T3i Book::Great book, an easy read with many illustrations and suggestions on how to use the many features of the camera.::Great book, an easy read with many illustrations and suggestions on how to use the many features of the camera.::5.0::February 5, 2013
R1JEMQ0QJR4YUO::Guide to the Canon EOS Rebel T3::It's a great guide to figuring out the ins and outs of my camera. I've already improved how I take pictures and I use the book to find out the "how" behind making great photos with my new camera.::It's a great guide to figuring out the ins and outs of my camera. I've already improved how I take pictures and I use the book to find out the "how" behind making great photos with my new camera.::5.0::January 28, 2013
R3RGTUR1Y0809Z::Excellent Book::Very good book, informative and easy to follow.  I  recommend this book to everyone for the EOS rebel T3.  This was my first digital camera and this book was excellent.::Very good book, informative and easy to follow.  I  recommend this book to everyone for the EOS rebel T3.  This was my first digital camera and this book was excellent.::5.0::January 27, 2013
R3QTCQNH2UD2CO::Good Book::My husband just got the camera and it a more specialize camera than what he has ever had.  He has found the book to be very informative and can't wait for the weather to warm up to start really getting into his new hobby::My husband just got the camera and it a more specialize camera than what he has ever had.  He has found the book to be very informative and can't wait for the weather to warm up to start really getting into his new hobby::5.0::December 23, 2012
R31BEV8AEIYETY::good book::My son read the book and use the camera for collage course and had no problems with understanding any of the imfo::My son read the book and use the camera for collage course and had no problems with understanding any of the imfo::4.0::December 4, 2012
RYDCA91IVFTIL::Somewhat disappointed::I recently purchased a Canon T3 - an upgrade to my original Digital Rebel.Bought this title based on the 5-star reviews here.I was a bit skeptical when I read in the first paragraph of Powering Up/Setting Date and Time:Rotate the On/Off switch on top of the camera to the On position. "Automatic sensor cleaning takes place (unless you specifically disable this action) as the T3 powers up."As the Canon salesman pointed out to me - the T3 does NOT have any automatic sensor cleaning!Back in Chapter 13 he posts the correct info:"The EOS T3 lacks one of the most common features found in all Canon cameras other than a stray entry-level model or two like this one: automatic sensor cleaning."I'm thinking this was a copy/paste of the T3i or T2i with editing done.  I wonder what else I will find amiss.He also fails to mention that to get to a lot of the camera settings via the menu, the mode must be set to M.But, all in all, I suppose I will actually learn how to use my DSLR on other than the creative or auto modes.::I recently purchased a Canon T3 - an upgrade to my original Digital Rebel.Bought this title based on the 5-star reviews here.I was a bit skeptical when I read in the first paragraph of Powering Up/Setting Date and Time:Rotate the On/Off switch on top of the camera to the On position. "Automatic sensor cleaning takes place (unless you specifically disable this action) as the T3 powers up."As the Canon salesman pointed out to me - the T3 does NOT have any automatic sensor cleaning!Back in Chapter 13 he posts the correct info:"The EOS T3 lacks one of the most common features found in all Canon cameras other than a stray entry-level model or two like this one: automatic sensor cleaning."I'm thinking this was a copy/paste of the T3i or T2i with editing done.  I wonder what else I will find amiss.He also fails to mention that to get to a lot of the camera settings via the menu, the mode must be set to M.But, all in all, I suppose I will actually learn how to use my DSLR on other than the creative or auto modes.::4.0::January 12, 2012
R2ERA0AV8OF4L8::Great Instructions on Canon T3 1100::The book is easy to understand and put together well for an amateur getting into Photography.  I like how the basic information is given first and the details are in later chapters.  It is comprehensive and gives instruction on how to reprogram your camera to meet your personal needs and desires.  I will keep this book as a reference for my camera.::The book is easy to understand and put together well for an amateur getting into Photography.  I like how the basic information is given first and the details are in later chapters.  It is comprehensive and gives instruction on how to reprogram your camera to meet your personal needs and desires.  I will keep this book as a reference for my camera.::5.0::August 4, 2012
ROGLLTHRDY2TD::A "Must Read" for this camera::I recently purchased the Nikon D5100 and read the owners manual as diligently as I could, trying to figure out how to fully use all of the possible options this camera has to offer.  It becomes quite apparent that the Owners Manual simply isn't enough.I ordered this book and it arrived a couple of weeks ago, and it really opened my eyes as to what this camera is capable of.  Everything is set out in sensible chapters, shows and explains every mode available, and gives you a sense of empowerment over the camera, instead of bewilderment.If you are upgrading from a basic DSLR or taking a huge jump to this camera as a first DSLR, then this book is a must.  Without it, or something like it, then realizing the full potential of this camera could take a very long time, and be very frustrating.With my camera body I bought a very good lens.  I'm delighted I also bought this very good book.::I recently purchased the Nikon D5100 and read the owners manual as diligently as I could, trying to figure out how to fully use all of the possible options this camera has to offer.  It becomes quite apparent that the Owners Manual simply isn't enough.I ordered this book and it arrived a couple of weeks ago, and it really opened my eyes as to what this camera is capable of.  Everything is set out in sensible chapters, shows and explains every mode available, and gives you a sense of empowerment over the camera, instead of bewilderment.If you are upgrading from a basic DSLR or taking a huge jump to this camera as a first DSLR, then this book is a must.  Without it, or something like it, then realizing the full potential of this camera could take a very long time, and be very frustrating.With my camera body I bought a very good lens.  I'm delighted I also bought this very good book.::5.0::September 18, 2011
R1S3YJBOS1UGM3::Most complete and easily-understood D5100 Guidebook::This is the latest Busch's industry-best guidebooks, offering a comprehensive manual for the Nikon D5100 mid-level digital SLR. This one is a companion for Nikon's ground-breaking upgrade from the entry-level D3100.  The D5100 features a swiveling LCD, full HDTV movie making, 16.2 megapixel resolution, and other features not usually found in a low-cost D-SLR.  Busch gives them all a workout in this book, going much deeper than the run-of-the-mill camera guide to offer advice on how to use every control, select every menu option, and take the best pictures of your life.  The author's friendly style leads you through the camera's features and tells you not only what each capability does, but gives examples of when you'll get the most benefit from using it.  Busch explains all the new features for the D5100 in a way that's easy to understand. His novel approach is to condense all the essential information about each and every control on the camera into a multi-page "roadmap" that explains their functions without the need to leap around from page to page, as is the case with the Nikon manual. He devotes several full chapters to outlining every menu option, and actually provides much more detail than you'll find in most of the other "expanded" guides for the D5100.Although this book is a weighty tome, it's easy reading, and if you want a condensed version to carry around with you, Busch offers that too.  His David Busch's Compact Field Guide for the Nikon D5100 is a worthy replacement for those laminated cheat sheets that fold out into six index card sized tabs with one-sentence summaries of most of the menu settings, too. While the portable version duplicates some of the information found in this book, the two make a great pair for home and field. You'll want to buy them both to have the information you need on the go and for study at home.::This is the latest Busch's industry-best guidebooks, offering a comprehensive manual for the Nikon D5100 mid-level digital SLR. This one is a companion for Nikon's ground-breaking upgrade from the entry-level D3100.  The D5100 features a swiveling LCD, full HDTV movie making, 16.2 megapixel resolution, and other features not usually found in a low-cost D-SLR.  Busch gives them all a workout in this book, going much deeper than the run-of-the-mill camera guide to offer advice on how to use every control, select every menu option, and take the best pictures of your life.  The author's friendly style leads you through the camera's features and tells you not only what each capability does, but gives examples of when you'll get the most benefit from using it.  Busch explains all the new features for the D5100 in a way that's easy to understand. His novel approach is to condense all the essential information about each and every control on the camera into a multi-page "roadmap" that explains their functions without the need to leap around from page to page, as is the case with the Nikon manual. He devotes several full chapters to outlining every menu option, and actually provides much more detail than you'll find in most of the other "expanded" guides for the D5100.Although this book is a weighty tome, it's easy reading, and if you want a condensed version to carry around with you, Busch offers that too.  His David Busch's Compact Field Guide for the Nikon D5100 is a worthy replacement for those laminated cheat sheets that fold out into six index card sized tabs with one-sentence summaries of most of the menu settings, too. While the portable version duplicates some of the information found in this book, the two make a great pair for home and field. You'll want to buy them both to have the information you need on the go and for study at home.::5.0::July 28, 2011
R1UY5QHW1GR4B7::Worth the Investment::David Busche hits a home run with this book.  The information is written in such a way that even the most beginning camera buff can understand the concepts and the step-by-step approach makes learning how to use a very complex camera simple.  The color photos are clear, the instructions and menu descriptions are accurate and easy to follow.  I was looking for an informative manual since the user's manual that comes with the camera explains what everything is and or does, but it falls short on telling the user "WHY" to use certain settings or features for certain results.  David Busche is a fantastic teacher and no-nonsense expert in photography and the use of Nikon Cameras.  I cannot recommend this book highly enough.. If you have recently purchased the Nikon D5100 or any Nikon product, this book is a MUST HAVE companion and an absolute bargain for the price.::David Busche hits a home run with this book.  The information is written in such a way that even the most beginning camera buff can understand the concepts and the step-by-step approach makes learning how to use a very complex camera simple.  The color photos are clear, the instructions and menu descriptions are accurate and easy to follow.  I was looking for an informative manual since the user's manual that comes with the camera explains what everything is and or does, but it falls short on telling the user "WHY" to use certain settings or features for certain results.  David Busche is a fantastic teacher and no-nonsense expert in photography and the use of Nikon Cameras.  I cannot recommend this book highly enough.. If you have recently purchased the Nikon D5100 or any Nikon product, this book is a MUST HAVE companion and an absolute bargain for the price.::5.0::April 16, 2012
R396YQ9TJDAK2N::Manual with larger and colour photos::I purchased this book based on the author's reputation and on other positive reviews but am sorry to report that I was disappointed. I went through it once, it is only a glorified manual, with larger photos in colour instead of small line drawings the manual has.  It tells you what each control or button does, but how exactly to use it, when to use it and why to use it -- is often not covered. At times it tells you what it does (exactly as the manual does) without further elucidation, which is why people buy the book in the first place.I think it might be a cut-and-paste from some earlier book the author has written about another Nikon camera, because on one page (Page 134) it refers to a "focus selector lock lever" which is non-existent on this camera model (d5100). Not expected from an author with one million books in printOn the positive side, it contains some useful info about lenses, accessories, software, but not worth the price of the book.I am unlikely to open it up again. I also bought "From Snapshots to Great Shots on the D5100 - I think that is a better buy::I purchased this book based on the author's reputation and on other positive reviews but am sorry to report that I was disappointed. I went through it once, it is only a glorified manual, with larger photos in colour instead of small line drawings the manual has.  It tells you what each control or button does, but how exactly to use it, when to use it and why to use it -- is often not covered. At times it tells you what it does (exactly as the manual does) without further elucidation, which is why people buy the book in the first place.I think it might be a cut-and-paste from some earlier book the author has written about another Nikon camera, because on one page (Page 134) it refers to a "focus selector lock lever" which is non-existent on this camera model (d5100). Not expected from an author with one million books in printOn the positive side, it contains some useful info about lenses, accessories, software, but not worth the price of the book.I am unlikely to open it up again. I also bought "From Snapshots to Great Shots on the D5100 - I think that is a better buy::1.0::June 14, 2012
R14E3EY0SCJX0A::Very helpful guide to the Nikon D5100 DSLR camera::I bought this book, after having seen the D5100 in a camera store, to help me decide if I wanted to spend the money (about $1,000.00 for the camera body and two lenses) to buy the camera. After skimming through the parts of the book that covered the kind of close-up studio photography of miniatures that I hoped to do, I was convinced I should buy the camera. After I had bought the camera, the book was indispensible for using the camera effectively, being much more comprehensive than the Owner's Manual that came with the camera. When I had questions about how to improve my photography, the book's well organized Table of Contents and Index led me to great solutions. If you are thinking about buying the Nikon D5100, I think this book is essential.::I bought this book, after having seen the D5100 in a camera store, to help me decide if I wanted to spend the money (about $1,000.00 for the camera body and two lenses) to buy the camera. After skimming through the parts of the book that covered the kind of close-up studio photography of miniatures that I hoped to do, I was convinced I should buy the camera. After I had bought the camera, the book was indispensible for using the camera effectively, being much more comprehensive than the Owner's Manual that came with the camera. When I had questions about how to improve my photography, the book's well organized Table of Contents and Index led me to great solutions. If you are thinking about buying the Nikon D5100, I think this book is essential.::5.0::June 22, 2012
RVARDT1BAIW9S::Excellent for photographers "getting back into it"::You'll need to have a working knowledge on F/stop, shutter speed, and ISO. But this book is excellent and very helpful. It's very comprehensive and explains every little function of the camera. You learn to realize that you can set the camera maybe 3 different ways and still come up with the same outcome... and that's comforting as a photographer when you have to think-quick and your subjects are moving all over the place. (it's good to know you have options to get a good photo!).Excellent book. Worth the $ and if you spend the time reading every page (sometimes twice), you'll have as much knowledge as a seasoned photographer.::You'll need to have a working knowledge on F/stop, shutter speed, and ISO. But this book is excellent and very helpful. It's very comprehensive and explains every little function of the camera. You learn to realize that you can set the camera maybe 3 different ways and still come up with the same outcome... and that's comforting as a photographer when you have to think-quick and your subjects are moving all over the place. (it's good to know you have options to get a good photo!).Excellent book. Worth the $ and if you spend the time reading every page (sometimes twice), you'll have as much knowledge as a seasoned photographer.::5.0::June 5, 2012
R2OSC3UGNYNTC::Busch's Guides::Would highly suggest this to any buyer of a Nikon D5100. Had purchased a camera prior to this and used the Busch Book for start and learning digital cameras.::Would highly suggest this to any buyer of a Nikon D5100. Had purchased a camera prior to this and used the Busch Book for start and learning digital cameras.::5.0::June 19, 2013
R3LLP88DAIGTVP::Well Written; Easy to Understand::Well written for both beginners and more advanced. Its really quite interesting. Now, if the pictures would just take themselves, i would be all set! I highly recommend this book if you're going to spend the money on an expensive camera.::Well written for both beginners and more advanced. Its really quite interesting. Now, if the pictures would just take themselves, i would be all set! I highly recommend this book if you're going to spend the money on an expensive camera.::4.0::May 28, 2013
RIVJ2ZISZ9J1X::I've already learned so much.::I've had this book for about two weeks now, and I've gotten about halfway through it, and I've already learned so much that I didn't know about my camera, and with what little bit I've read, my photos have become obviously much, much better!If you bought the Nikon D5100 within the past year, this is a must read!::I've had this book for about two weeks now, and I've gotten about halfway through it, and I've already learned so much that I didn't know about my camera, and with what little bit I've read, my photos have become obviously much, much better!If you bought the Nikon D5100 within the past year, this is a must read!::5.0::May 3, 2013
R1JULY729G5VH2::Great Guide for the D5100::What I loved about this book was that Busch presents everything you need to know about the Nikon D5100 is easy to digest chunks.  He starts with several quick start chapters that help you hit the ground running, saving the in depth information for later chapters when you really need it.  For example, he first shows you how to set the various autofocus options so you'll get sharp focus just about every time.  After you've shot a bunch, you'll be ready for the clear explanations of exactly how autofocus works in Chapter 5, so you can vary your settings according to Busch's recommendations to give you sharp focus in problematic situations.  There are separate chapters on shooting movies, working with electronic flash (both built in and external flash), and descriptions of all your lens options.  The Nikon D5100 is an intermediate camera, suitable for both beginners and more enthusiastic photographers and Busch does an excellent job of helping both groups discover the possibilities of their camera.  Recommended.::What I loved about this book was that Busch presents everything you need to know about the Nikon D5100 is easy to digest chunks.  He starts with several quick start chapters that help you hit the ground running, saving the in depth information for later chapters when you really need it.  For example, he first shows you how to set the various autofocus options so you'll get sharp focus just about every time.  After you've shot a bunch, you'll be ready for the clear explanations of exactly how autofocus works in Chapter 5, so you can vary your settings according to Busch's recommendations to give you sharp focus in problematic situations.  There are separate chapters on shooting movies, working with electronic flash (both built in and external flash), and descriptions of all your lens options.  The Nikon D5100 is an intermediate camera, suitable for both beginners and more enthusiastic photographers and Busch does an excellent job of helping both groups discover the possibilities of their camera.  Recommended.::5.0::August 17, 2011
R2HA9L1S9B10T8::Instructive and Informative::I am very happy I chose this book over others. I can't wait to start using some of what I've learned.::I am very happy I chose this book over others. I can't wait to start using some of what I've learned.::5.0::August 25, 2013
R2RWBWZ9Z6HPIF::Great Book for the camera::I refer the book often so that I can stay current with my camera. There are new things I learn everytime I open it::I refer the book often so that I can stay current with my camera. There are new things I learn everytime I open it::4.0::August 22, 2013
R3PI3H1R8RUM30::very comprehensive::This book beats hell out of the skimpy manual that comes with the camera. If there's ever anything I need to know, it'll be in here, and well explained.::This book beats hell out of the skimpy manual that comes with the camera. If there's ever anything I need to know, it'll be in here, and well explained.::5.0::April 13, 2013
R1ENKRNZHQLXMK::Very good::Excellent Manual I have not seen a manual as complete as this, with every detail explained the operation of the Nikon D5100.::Excellent Manual I have not seen a manual as complete as this, with every detail explained the operation of the Nikon D5100.::5.0::March 4, 2013
R3S3W4P5XJAQZN::Really helpful::I am new to dslr photography and was looking for a book that would walk me through all of the functions on my new camera; not only how to use them, but when and why I want to. I started reading "Understanding "Exposure" to learn some of the basics about photography and then turned to this book to show me how to apply those techniques to my own camera. This book is great, really easy to follow and very thorough. I really appreciate how the author structured the walk through from basic to advanced techniques, and the extra info about lenses and software.  This is a great guide to help you get familiar with the d5100, don't be intimidated by the size! Highly recommend.::I am new to dslr photography and was looking for a book that would walk me through all of the functions on my new camera; not only how to use them, but when and why I want to. I started reading "Understanding "Exposure" to learn some of the basics about photography and then turned to this book to show me how to apply those techniques to my own camera. This book is great, really easy to follow and very thorough. I really appreciate how the author structured the walk through from basic to advanced techniques, and the extra info about lenses and software.  This is a great guide to help you get familiar with the d5100, don't be intimidated by the size! Highly recommend.::5.0::February 25, 2013
R3N89R4IRNOV7W::Great for a DSLR newbie::Very good explanations of not only the D5100, but basic photography concepts as well.  I debated spending $18 on a book when there is so much information available for free on the internet.  I'm really glad I bought the book.  David Busch's style makes it an easy and even entertaining read.::Very good explanations of not only the D5100, but basic photography concepts as well.  I debated spending $18 on a book when there is so much information available for free on the internet.  I'm really glad I bought the book.  David Busch's style makes it an easy and even entertaining read.::5.0::January 30, 2013
R5GB9832XUGP7::Excellent Resource::A great resource for someone returning to photography.  I have used the book to supplement photography classes I am taking.  I find myself constantly going back to the book to better understand once I have completed my classes.  Looking at other books by the author.::A great resource for someone returning to photography.  I have used the book to supplement photography classes I am taking.  I find myself constantly going back to the book to better understand once I have completed my classes.  Looking at other books by the author.::5.0::January 5, 2013
R34OYCBN4CBGHT::Great companion book::This book is another of my must have's for learning my D5100 Camera.  I have a few books and this is one of my favorites.  Its helping me to become a better photographer.::This book is another of my must have's for learning my D5100 Camera.  I have a few books and this is one of my favorites.  Its helping me to become a better photographer.::5.0::December 13, 2012
R3H12LSR3KEI75::DAVID BUSCH AGAIN HITS THE MARK!::Busch writes lots of books on DSLR's and Advanced Point and Shoots. His book on the Nikon P7100 is magnificent.This book exceeds that and is incredible.  Very useful, it is not a rehash of the Nikon Manual and is aimed from the beginnerto the professional and tells you about the features:  what they are, why you should use them, or not:There is a high level of personal excitement excuded in this Book.::Busch writes lots of books on DSLR's and Advanced Point and Shoots. His book on the Nikon P7100 is magnificent.This book exceeds that and is incredible.  Very useful, it is not a rehash of the Nikon Manual and is aimed from the beginnerto the professional and tells you about the features:  what they are, why you should use them, or not:There is a high level of personal excitement excuded in this Book.::5.0::December 8, 2012
R1JATE5IU4IJM1::Worth every nickel::After purchasing my D5100, I was looking for some detailed "how to" instructions specific to my camera.  This book was just what I was looking for.  I quickly picked up on the settings I wanted to use and was firing away in no time.::After purchasing my D5100, I was looking for some detailed "how to" instructions specific to my camera.  This book was just what I was looking for.  I quickly picked up on the settings I wanted to use and was firing away in no time.::5.0::November 13, 2012
ROKQ3BQ66HBLM::Upgrade::My son and I both purchased David Busch's Nikon D5100 Guide to Digital SLR Photography as we had upgraded our cameras and both found the book excellent and covered everything you needed to know about all the buttons and menus. We always use Amazon for our cameras and lens and accessories for the wonderful service over the years.::My son and I both purchased David Busch's Nikon D5100 Guide to Digital SLR Photography as we had upgraded our cameras and both found the book excellent and covered everything you needed to know about all the buttons and menus. We always use Amazon for our cameras and lens and accessories for the wonderful service over the years.::5.0::August 21, 2012
R3VS7ZDIO0NNTI::Excellent Easy Read Book::This is a very explanatory book, written in layman's terms, so that even I can understand it. Mr. Busch goes into detail, and explains things in easy to understand terms.::This is a very explanatory book, written in layman's terms, so that even I can understand it. Mr. Busch goes into detail, and explains things in easy to understand terms.::5.0::July 28, 2012
R2I2WN51SY2OD6::Excellent Information::This is the book you need to really understand how to operate your Nikon D5100!  David makes the book both informative and actually interesting to read.If you really want to learn how to do something besides use the "auto" button, you will need to read this.  Highly recommended!!::This is the book you need to really understand how to operate your Nikon D5100!  David makes the book both informative and actually interesting to read.If you really want to learn how to do something besides use the "auto" button, you will need to read this.  Highly recommended!!::5.0::July 18, 2012
R2HFVS8H2MSBST::Nikon D5100::A great book to explore your Nikon D5100 so forget about the original Nikon manual. David Busch's Nikon D5100 Guide to Digital SLR Photography is easy to read and helps a lot to get to know your camera! Also very useful is the section on lenses. Therefor most of us will not be limited to a 18-55 kit lens;)::A great book to explore your Nikon D5100 so forget about the original Nikon manual. David Busch's Nikon D5100 Guide to Digital SLR Photography is easy to read and helps a lot to get to know your camera! Also very useful is the section on lenses. Therefor most of us will not be limited to a 18-55 kit lens;)::4.0::September 11, 2011
R1N5B9JWBR2S6N::A good combination of tech information and personal recommendation::For a general all-around guide to the D5100, I don't think you'll find a better book. However, be forewarned that the first section of the book explores Nikon technology that allows for this camera's ability to grab images in low light, capture color, use 3D Matrix focusing, more accurately record the light spectrum. This is interesting stuff, but it won't necessarily teach you how to use the camera optimally.  The rest contains great advice and is clearly written, and he author is able to complement the technical information with recommendations based on personal experience.  The Nikon D 5100 has a number of bells and whistles that I don't think most photographers will hvae much use for In the latter case, i.e.,the author spends a lot of time describing features you may not ever use. The only other non-Nikon consumer guidebook I've had was a "PIP" publication, and if the comparison between this manual and the "PIP" manual can be generalizable to both series, I'd say there's no contest. This one is far, far better.::For a general all-around guide to the D5100, I don't think you'll find a better book. However, be forewarned that the first section of the book explores Nikon technology that allows for this camera's ability to grab images in low light, capture color, use 3D Matrix focusing, more accurately record the light spectrum. This is interesting stuff, but it won't necessarily teach you how to use the camera optimally.  The rest contains great advice and is clearly written, and he author is able to complement the technical information with recommendations based on personal experience.  The Nikon D 5100 has a number of bells and whistles that I don't think most photographers will hvae much use for In the latter case, i.e.,the author spends a lot of time describing features you may not ever use. The only other non-Nikon consumer guidebook I've had was a "PIP" publication, and if the comparison between this manual and the "PIP" manual can be generalizable to both series, I'd say there's no contest. This one is far, far better.::4.0::April 27, 2012
R3398D27XLPC7V::Almost what the manual should be::I am a big fan of reading the manual.  But the manual that came with my D5100 was rather lackluster.  This book (on the kindle) is really a great guide to your camera.  Its is very in depth covering all the features of the camera and how to use them.  The author also shares what settings or configurations he recommends based on his experience.  The book covers everything starting with broad aspects of the camera and then drilling down more in depth for each feature or aspect of the camera, such as the auto focusing system or the light metering system.::I am a big fan of reading the manual.  But the manual that came with my D5100 was rather lackluster.  This book (on the kindle) is really a great guide to your camera.  Its is very in depth covering all the features of the camera and how to use them.  The author also shares what settings or configurations he recommends based on his experience.  The book covers everything starting with broad aspects of the camera and then drilling down more in depth for each feature or aspect of the camera, such as the auto focusing system or the light metering system.::4.0::February 22, 2012
R1ARI39O1XCOX8::Great book, Great value::this book is AWESOME!  a friend of mine at work bought his new d5100 camera a couple of months before me, but i found this book before he did.  he liked what i showed him on amazon so much that he had to get his own.  this book is all encompassing.  it is very detailed and easy to read and understand for the beginner photographer.  it has a ton of pictures and covers everything you possibly could need to know about the d5100 and other photography in general.::this book is AWESOME!  a friend of mine at work bought his new d5100 camera a couple of months before me, but i found this book before he did.  he liked what i showed him on amazon so much that he had to get his own.  this book is all encompassing.  it is very detailed and easy to read and understand for the beginner photographer.  it has a ton of pictures and covers everything you possibly could need to know about the d5100 and other photography in general.::5.0::December 27, 2011
R33665UKHJTQR8::David Busch's Nikon D5100 Guide to Digital SLR Photography, 1st Edition::I have had my camera for about 2 years now and still havent finished this book. For me its just so hard to read. i have learned a few things in the pages that I have read, but I can't say that I would recomend this to a friend/family member I 'd tell them to look at different books first.::I have had my camera for about 2 years now and still havent finished this book. For me its just so hard to read. i have learned a few things in the pages that I have read, but I can't say that I would recomend this to a friend/family member I 'd tell them to look at different books first.::3.0::March 27, 2013
R71HDVRO9G0IE::Good book, would like something a bit more 'hands on."::I hate to bash on any book, and this is no exception. The author is very good at detailing every aspect of the camera, its settings and more. What I would like to have seen was a good step-by-step to taking picture styles. For example, a page on the proper settings for taking lightning shots, or a page for taking photos of outdoor plants. Granted, this author does some of this. I was hoping for a 'cheat sheet' of sorts so I could practice with just one item at a time.::I hate to bash on any book, and this is no exception. The author is very good at detailing every aspect of the camera, its settings and more. What I would like to have seen was a good step-by-step to taking picture styles. For example, a page on the proper settings for taking lightning shots, or a page for taking photos of outdoor plants. Granted, this author does some of this. I was hoping for a 'cheat sheet' of sorts so I could practice with just one item at a time.::4.0::September 20, 2012
R3OKTRLR9PRP0Y::very nice. Will use it a lot.::Book is very detailed and not too large so easily carried in my camera bag.Book looks to be new and not used. Thanks for the great book and fast shipping too.::Book is very detailed and not too large so easily carried in my camera bag.Book looks to be new and not used. Thanks for the great book and fast shipping too.::5.0::May 10, 2014
R27XJOIT7PS04L::Great Book:::Unlike other manuals including Nikons manual, this book tells you everything there is to know about the D5100.Now I can really use this tool to produce the images I want. Thank You David.::Unlike other manuals including Nikons manual, this book tells you everything there is to know about the D5100.Now I can really use this tool to produce the images I want. Thank You David.::5.0::May 3, 2014
R1AHT58NSR236J::Love this book!::Very helpful reference book!  I have several ebooks but sometimes the real book is handier. Great to bring with me when I'm on the move for quick searches.::Very helpful reference book!  I have several ebooks but sometimes the real book is handier. Great to bring with me when I'm on the move for quick searches.::5.0::February 21, 2014
REL1FU72H96TP::David Busch's Nikon D5100 Guide to Digital SLR Photography, 1st Edition::Lots of information for you to use in learning photography and using the new camera. Very helpful with setting you want and questions you may have. A great book.::Lots of information for you to use in learning photography and using the new camera. Very helpful with setting you want and questions you may have. A great book.::5.0::February 12, 2014
R21TCR5HHUFMXO::great for beginners::this book is well written, has clear explanations, and is worth the moneyhaving just bought my first dslr, it will be a while before i need to buy more books::this book is well written, has clear explanations, and is worth the moneyhaving just bought my first dslr, it will be a while before i need to buy more books::5.0::January 31, 2014
R274ZIYDUBE2KT::Easy to read and Easy to Understand!::I am a digital camera newbie.  I've had my camera for about a year (shame on me), and have only used it for point and shoot.  I finally decided I should learn to use it, so I purchased this book.  It is very easy to follow for beginners like me, but he makes recommendations for you more advanced users to move on to the next page in order to skip the basics that would probably bore you. In the short time I've had this book, I've learned so much!  His writing style is engaging and easy to read.  He doesn't get caught up in a lot of technical jargon, but explains things very clearly.  I had bought another book to help me and had to toss it.  This book has been very beneficial since it is specifically about my 5100 and not going back and forth about the Canon and the Nikon like so many others. I am excited to play with my camera again in fun new ways.  This book has been a major help!::I am a digital camera newbie.  I've had my camera for about a year (shame on me), and have only used it for point and shoot.  I finally decided I should learn to use it, so I purchased this book.  It is very easy to follow for beginners like me, but he makes recommendations for you more advanced users to move on to the next page in order to skip the basics that would probably bore you. In the short time I've had this book, I've learned so much!  His writing style is engaging and easy to read.  He doesn't get caught up in a lot of technical jargon, but explains things very clearly.  I had bought another book to help me and had to toss it.  This book has been very beneficial since it is specifically about my 5100 and not going back and forth about the Canon and the Nikon like so many others. I am excited to play with my camera again in fun new ways.  This book has been a major help!::5.0::January 17, 2014
R2Z9OJN729F92B::Perfect book for my Nikon 5100::I haven't had a chance to get into the book really good but have enjoyed and learned a lot from what time I have had to read it and experiment with my camera.::I haven't had a chance to get into the book really good but have enjoyed and learned a lot from what time I have had to read it and experiment with my camera.::4.0::November 20, 2013
R2KNC0MVXW2HF0::For my daughters D5100::Awesome book and it was a perfect companion for the camera I bought for my daughters 30th birthday.  She loved the book because it explained the camera perfectly::Awesome book and it was a perfect companion for the camera I bought for my daughters 30th birthday.  She loved the book because it explained the camera perfectly::5.0::November 2, 2013
R17OVOOYU8HQVY::Well written, in English. Recommendable::Still reading/looking up stuff in it, but so far have no cmplaints, answered most of my questions. Point by point explanations.  Very usefu, recommendable.::Still reading/looking up stuff in it, but so far have no cmplaints, answered most of my questions. Point by point explanations.  Very usefu, recommendable.::4.0::April 9, 2013
R33HA2T4I74LG8::David B Nih\kon D 5100 Guide::It's a nice book, a very very  very useful bookI recommend it to everybody,begginers e\and non begginersIt's very clear::It's a nice book, a very very  very useful bookI recommend it to everybody,begginers e\and non begginersIt's very clear::5.0::March 20, 2013
R3W34EAMQKWLWE::great book::very usefull book if u want to learn to use your camera, however will not teach u how to take artistic photos and stuff::very usefull book if u want to learn to use your camera, however will not teach u how to take artistic photos and stuff::5.0::March 10, 2013
R32P96O99XN48I::Photography Book::Just love the book. It has really helped me figure out my camera and its settings. Would recommend to anyone that has just purchased a nikon d5100 camera. Great shipping.::Just love the book. It has really helped me figure out my camera and its settings. Would recommend to anyone that has just purchased a nikon d5100 camera. Great shipping.::5.0::December 7, 2012
R2R8L4PVD6JOKF::A must get for D5100!::I just bought the D5100 and this book is the perfect companion. Easy to follow. Great pictures and diagrams. As a newbie to this camera, this book helps a ton!::I just bought the D5100 and this book is the perfect companion. Easy to follow. Great pictures and diagrams. As a newbie to this camera, this book helps a ton!::5.0::January 16, 2012
R2EB5IM596G9K7::A good book for the novice or experienced::I received the Nikon D5100 camera as an early Christmas gift and was appalled at the skimpy manual that came with it.  I immediately ordered this book and have learned and discovered so much about this great product.  Hey Nikon, you should make this book part of the package!::I received the Nikon D5100 camera as an early Christmas gift and was appalled at the skimpy manual that came with it.  I immediately ordered this book and have learned and discovered so much about this great product.  Hey Nikon, you should make this book part of the package!::4.0::January 6, 2012
R1L3EXJN1GJ4Z9::Not for a beginner::I tried to set the release mode following this book. I started at the beginning of the book and then chased the instructions from chapter to chapter and page to page having to look up where the different buttons are on the camera. You only get a little snippet of the instructions in each area of the book. I never found out how to perform this after looking for at least 15 minutes. Instead of having it all in one location with easy to read instructions. I then challenged my wife to try and figure it out using the book. She is still trying to follow this with no results. If this is this guys idea of easy instructions for a beginner then don't bother with any of his other books either. I also purchased the Field Guide and  tried using the pictures in it to help.  I also tried the instructions in the Field Guide and they were also not complete. Following this book I could not get most of his instructions to work at all. If I could return this book I would but now I am stuck with both of them. I was hoping for a book that is easy to read and has all the instruction for a function in one location, with maybe a picture of where the button are you need to use for that particular function. This book is only good for a person that knows all the terms and is very familiar with this camera. My wife is still trying and she finally gave up on the book and is just poking around and having much better luck. So far the things that do work are nothing like the book says. If you do  figure out how to use a function I suggest you write it down because it will take you another hour to figure it out again. I think this camera is pretty confusing to start with and having some one that is a camera nut can not write instructions that are easy to read.Save your money and look some where else for help.::I tried to set the release mode following this book. I started at the beginning of the book and then chased the instructions from chapter to chapter and page to page having to look up where the different buttons are on the camera. You only get a little snippet of the instructions in each area of the book. I never found out how to perform this after looking for at least 15 minutes. Instead of having it all in one location with easy to read instructions. I then challenged my wife to try and figure it out using the book. She is still trying to follow this with no results. If this is this guys idea of easy instructions for a beginner then don't bother with any of his other books either. I also purchased the Field Guide and  tried using the pictures in it to help.  I also tried the instructions in the Field Guide and they were also not complete. Following this book I could not get most of his instructions to work at all. If I could return this book I would but now I am stuck with both of them. I was hoping for a book that is easy to read and has all the instruction for a function in one location, with maybe a picture of where the button are you need to use for that particular function. This book is only good for a person that knows all the terms and is very familiar with this camera. My wife is still trying and she finally gave up on the book and is just poking around and having much better luck. So far the things that do work are nothing like the book says. If you do  figure out how to use a function I suggest you write it down because it will take you another hour to figure it out again. I think this camera is pretty confusing to start with and having some one that is a camera nut can not write instructions that are easy to read.Save your money and look some where else for help.::2.0::September 16, 2012
R3BENZSLJHX3Q9::wow a lot of info::this book is packed with everything you need to know about the D5100.I would suggest purchasing sticky tabs like i did to mark the important pages of the book that you want to get to quickly.If you want to learn how to use everything this camera has to offer then i would buy this book::this book is packed with everything you need to know about the D5100.I would suggest purchasing sticky tabs like i did to mark the important pages of the book that you want to get to quickly.If you want to learn how to use everything this camera has to offer then i would buy this book::4.0::November 10, 2011
R26NO14Y46NIKN::The manual::I not only bought the full version, I also bought the field version so I can keep it handy while I learn the nuances of the camera controls. This is my first DSLR and it has been over 10 years since I had a similar film camera system. I am looking forward to testing and regaining my camera skills. The point and shoots I have been trying to use during the interum have just not given me the same satisfaction...::I not only bought the full version, I also bought the field version so I can keep it handy while I learn the nuances of the camera controls. This is my first DSLR and it has been over 10 years since I had a similar film camera system. I am looking forward to testing and regaining my camera skills. The point and shoots I have been trying to use during the interum have just not given me the same satisfaction...::5.0::December 15, 2011
RNEOLG4LYYR81::great product::Great book if you want to learn about the new Nikon camera.  Easier to read than the manual and more interesting, thank you to the author.::Great book if you want to learn about the new Nikon camera.  Easier to read than the manual and more interesting, thank you to the author.::5.0::October 1, 2011
R2VDKJC47EPDIA::Good Book::Very Simple, and it does what it is supposed to do. For sure will recommend to anyone that likes it::Very Simple, and it does what it is supposed to do. For sure will recommend to anyone that likes it::5.0::February 25, 2013
R15EMD6GDUQ6Y8::Excellent guide book::I read this book cover to cover right after I bought my Nikon D5100 and liked it so much that I gave this copy to my son-in-law as a Christmas present to help him use his new Nikon D5100.::I read this book cover to cover right after I bought my Nikon D5100 and liked it so much that I gave this copy to my son-in-law as a Christmas present to help him use his new Nikon D5100.::5.0::January 8, 2013
R2FGV7TYX6G92L::David Busch's Nikon D5100 Review::I highly recommend this book to those who own the Nikon D5100.  It is necessary for those who rely on detailed instruction to learn about new technologies.  I am thankful to the author.::I highly recommend this book to those who own the Nikon D5100.  It is necessary for those who rely on detailed instruction to learn about new technologies.  I am thankful to the author.::5.0::December 7, 2012
R137SHTPS4UI0K::Just okay::Okay, but too many references to chapters further into the book. Poorly written but informative if you have the patience of Job.::Okay, but too many references to chapters further into the book. Poorly written but informative if you have the patience of Job.::3.0::August 26, 2013
R33LFJOOD1R9X8::David Busch's Nikon D5100 Guide to Digital SLR Photography, 1st Edition (Purchased on February 20, 2012)::This is a very informative book.  More in depth than the field guide.  Goes into greater detail and is very well written.::This is a very informative book.  More in depth than the field guide.  Goes into greater detail and is very well written.::5.0::April 16, 2012
R1DDN1X5BPI6PT::D5100 book review by David Busch::The camera is very complex with a lot of settings that help get a good photo. The books helps navigate around all these settings. I use it almost every day as I use the camera especially in my adventure into HDR.::The camera is very complex with a lot of settings that help get a good photo. The books helps navigate around all these settings. I use it almost every day as I use the camera especially in my adventure into HDR.::4.0::February 5, 2012
R1RTG4AL3S49QF::Great User's Guide::I purchased David Busch's Nikon D90 Guide a couple years ago and was quite impressed.  He explains the camera functions in terms that are easy to follow.  When I recently purchased the Nikon D5100 - I knew that I just had to get this book too.  His guides are excellent, and I would recommend any of them.::I purchased David Busch's Nikon D90 Guide a couple years ago and was quite impressed.  He explains the camera functions in terms that are easy to follow.  When I recently purchased the Nikon D5100 - I knew that I just had to get this book too.  His guides are excellent, and I would recommend any of them.::5.0::February 1, 2012
RK2O8OS65LETO::A must have::I bought this book before buying a Nikon 5100 based on reviews. I can now only confirm that this book is an excellent resource that will make it possible to make the most out of the camera. Organization is excellent as well as are the illustrations.::I bought this book before buying a Nikon 5100 based on reviews. I can now only confirm that this book is an excellent resource that will make it possible to make the most out of the camera. Organization is excellent as well as are the illustrations.::5.0::December 15, 2011
R3544NDBBXQE18::Nikon D5100::I have marked this book down a bit as some of the information is generic and not specific to the d5100 it mentions features which do not exist on this camera, however overall it is a good manual with lots of information on the nikon d5100.::I have marked this book down a bit as some of the information is generic and not specific to the d5100 it mentions features which do not exist on this camera, however overall it is a good manual with lots of information on the nikon d5100.::3.0::October 11, 2011
R24XNYQG4FEL5G::Same info as in the manual::This book does not contain any additional information over the user's manual that comes with the camera. Moreover, there is incorrect information and missing points that the manual does explain. I've read a lot of text on this camera and information about the camera I would have expected to find in a book intended to supplement the manual.  I suggest finding another book on the D5100.::This book does not contain any additional information over the user's manual that comes with the camera. Moreover, there is incorrect information and missing points that the manual does explain. I've read a lot of text on this camera and information about the camera I would have expected to find in a book intended to supplement the manual.  I suggest finding another book on the D5100.::1.0::June 2, 2012
R3JO5UCZAWYMZQ::Very Helpful::While I am a very experienced photographer who has a Master's Degree in Fine Arts Photography and has owned Nikon cameras since 1969, I needed something beyond the Nikon supplied Owner's Manual for this camera. I looked at David Busch's larger guide to this camera and felt it was overkill for my needs. That being said, this book is just right. I bought the camera as a supplement to my D200 because I was intrigued with it's versatile, movable LCD screen.  I wanted to find out quickly how to use all the whizz bang features. This book does all I wanted and more.Because the D5100 is an entry level camera it contains some information that is much more fundamental than I need. The book is still a great resource. I recommend it to anyone who purchases this fascinating new camera from Nikon.::While I am a very experienced photographer who has a Master's Degree in Fine Arts Photography and has owned Nikon cameras since 1969, I needed something beyond the Nikon supplied Owner's Manual for this camera. I looked at David Busch's larger guide to this camera and felt it was overkill for my needs. That being said, this book is just right. I bought the camera as a supplement to my D200 because I was intrigued with it's versatile, movable LCD screen.  I wanted to find out quickly how to use all the whizz bang features. This book does all I wanted and more.Because the D5100 is an entry level camera it contains some information that is much more fundamental than I need. The book is still a great resource. I recommend it to anyone who purchases this fascinating new camera from Nikon.::5.0::January 30, 2012
R2LTJ210DQ1EJ4::Great manual for a new SLR User::Great Book.  Very complete but also well balanced in terms of specific tips and useful technique.  Also bought the smaller user guide to carry with the Camera..The author who has other titles for other cameras is very skilled.  If you buy the 5100, buy this book.::Great Book.  Very complete but also well balanced in terms of specific tips and useful technique.  Also bought the smaller user guide to carry with the Camera..The author who has other titles for other cameras is very skilled.  If you buy the 5100, buy this book.::5.0::January 17, 2012
R633O3E1N9UKU::Nikon 5100 Guide::This book has been very informative in assisting me learn the digital way of photography.  The Nikon D5100 is my 1stDSLR::This book has been very informative in assisting me learn the digital way of photography.  The Nikon D5100 is my 1stDSLR::5.0::November 22, 2011
R1K7ZTIV247IMD::This book is IT::This book is the one to buy if you are wanting to know all of the functions and controls of the Nikon D5100.  I have gone back to this back more often than all of my others combined.  Great price for such a big book.::This book is the one to buy if you are wanting to know all of the functions and controls of the Nikon D5100.  I have gone back to this back more often than all of my others combined.  Great price for such a big book.::5.0::September 10, 2011
R2KMO9KDHROA0Q::Awsome::I love this guide and the other 2 nikon guides i have bought from david busch all 3 the D5100 D3100 and D3000 are all well writen easy to read and understand and followif you have a camera and want to be able to use it like a pro check to see if busch has written a guide if so its the only one you will ever need::I love this guide and the other 2 nikon guides i have bought from david busch all 3 the D5100 D3100 and D3000 are all well writen easy to read and understand and followif you have a camera and want to be able to use it like a pro check to see if busch has written a guide if so its the only one you will ever need::5.0::August 28, 2011
R2PLNIB7Y2V9LQ::Why not for Kindle???::I'm buying a Nikon D5100 and I have read great things about this book... but why to carry it on hand...??? A almost 400 pages book, you don't want to waste your time searching page by page or going back to the index for searching a topic, when this can be done with an easy search word from a tablet... it can be easily taken with a Kindle, simpler, easier to carry, and mainly it's GREEN! no paper waste!!!Come on Amazon!!! Get it for Kindle!!! It's better for tablets!!!::I'm buying a Nikon D5100 and I have read great things about this book... but why to carry it on hand...??? A almost 400 pages book, you don't want to waste your time searching page by page or going back to the index for searching a topic, when this can be done with an easy search word from a tablet... it can be easily taken with a Kindle, simpler, easier to carry, and mainly it's GREEN! no paper waste!!!Come on Amazon!!! Get it for Kindle!!! It's better for tablets!!!::2.0::June 1, 2013
R3RRS0AVWBJBD4::Great Paper Copy - Soft Copy Available Anywhere::This is a great purchase if you want to have a paper copy available at your fingertips. However, this publication goes no further than that which has already been posted in soft copy.::This is a great purchase if you want to have a paper copy available at your fingertips. However, this publication goes no further than that which has already been posted in soft copy.::2.0::May 16, 2013
