RM02ICLPP8OEP::Glad I had this!!::On our recent trip to Egypt and Jordan we stayed at the St. Catherine's Plaza Hotel in Jordan, the hotel was not very secure and had no added security locks or chains on the door.  It was 7 am, I was just waking up when I heard steps coming up our staircase outside and then there was a key in our door and our door being unlocked.  We had set the GE Smarthome Door alarm the night before and of course when they tried to enter our room the alarm went off scaring them away, I could hear them running very fast down the stairway.  I am so glad I had bought this for our trip or we may have had an unwanted stranger in our room.  I highly recommend this alarm!::Rose-Lynne K. Osborn::5.0::November 29, 2008
ROTMX9PHH0K42::A MUST HAVE for traveling and even your house!!! CHECK your door SPACING. Read more for useful tips!::I've been using this for about 3 years and here are some tips for using the GE Smart Home Door Stop Alarm.1. Before purchasing make sure you have enough door spacing that the door stop alarm can be activated by the door opening and depressing the metal activator on the door stop alarm. (If there is not enough spacing then it will just push the stopper away from the door and won't go off)2. When putting it in your baggage or luggage for travel I recommend either taking the battery out so it doesn't accidentally turn on in your bag or putting a piece of tape over the switch so it doesn't move.3. When placing the device in your door, give it a test by opening the door and checking that it will activate the alarm. You can also place something heavy behind the door stop alarm so that it won't slide when the door is opened and touches it, raising the chances that it will depress the activator.4. Make sure you keep some spare 9V batteries around for this and that you have one before you throw this in your bag. Check the battery by testing the alarm before you pack it away.5. Place this on your door at every hotel you visit. This also makes a great gift for frequent travelers.6. You need a small Phillips head to access the battery compartment.If you have more feel free to add them below. Thanks!4.5 stars for it being too easy to accidentally switch the alarm to on in your bag and a pain in the butt to change the battery. You need a small Phillips head to access the battery compartment.::R. Frank::4.0::July 16, 2011
R2CP29WJVUWBM6::Affordable and Works Great!::Even though I keep a gun next to my bed, it really bothered me that if someone managed to get into my house, I probably wouldn't wake up in time to get to it. (I'm a VERY deep sleeper and my bedroom's on the 2nd floor)I'm so glad I decided to order this!It's VERY loud and the 4 I ordered work on all my doors leading outside.I even found a way to use this on my sliding glass door.  By propping it gently against the sliding part of the door, and then putting something heavy behind it, to hold it in place, the alarm will go off if the door's opened.Like the other reviewer said, I love that it's portable, so I can bring it with me to hotels and stuff.Anyways, between how well it works, the simplicity of using it and the very reasonable price.  I very highly recommend this!::starry_night::5.0::January 30, 2008
RZDU9CIMTVHTM::Effective and LOUD::This product will not disappoint you. 120 decibels is no joke. Fire/Police sirens are approx. 120 decibels. Gunshot approx. 140. Most sound charts start the pain threshold at 125. Excellent product and a cheap/simple security measure. Understand this is just an added level of security (like a tall fence, door lock), not an all-encompassing security solution. I'm not worried about amateur/undetermined intruders now.  However, now I'm worried about waking the dead... that might be problematic. They're always so angry.::Jay::5.0::May 21, 2009
R13X07J09H89V1::It works!::Its loud, hurts ears, and blocks entrance.  Any thing better and you would be paying monthly for it.::M. Huda "hudaman"::5.0::December 31, 2008
R1L3CTCR6EJRFX::LOUD::Use ear protection to test this door stopper alarm. It is ear splitting. It is not designed to stop anyone...just let you know the door has been pushed, even slightly.::J. Hahn "J.Hahn"::4.0::October 6, 2008
RJ82B88A6EUY8::Easy, portable, reliable , ear-piercing door stop alarm is perfect!::Looking for an easy to use, reliable door entry alarm with no complicated mounting?  Get the GE SmartHome Door Stop Alarm. You won't be disappointed. Afer batteries are activated, you're done. Just put by your door. So sensitive to pressure that I've often scared myself by picking it up the wrong way. (Pick it up by the sides only)  Easy to take with you on trips and a perfect complement to the Door Jammer. Highly recommend.::Love Good Service "Love Online Shopping"::5.0::February 8, 2008
RC2E1Y6GCKBYC::Too light to always work properly::It's loud, fairly sensitive and easy to operate. Trouble is on wood floors the unit isn't heavy enough so the door often pushes the alarm out of the way without setting it off.::Al. T "(b-_-)b"::3.0::January 6, 2010
R1YJM14B5ZXDQI::Inexpensive Security::Living alone and on a fixed income, I needed, but could not afford, an elaborate security system. While my 'watch' dog was licking his hand, a man looking for yard work asked how I protected myself from break-ins! This really made me nervous, so I hinted that I was protected by 'Mr. Smith and Wesson' and hurried back into the house!Usually I can find anything I want on Amazon, so I searched it for 'door and/or window alarms'. Among the choices that showed up was the GE 50246 SmartHome Door Stop Alarm. For the price it seemed to be what I needed to do the job. I got one for each outside door and sleep much more comfortably now, knowing that an earsplitting alarm will sound as soon as anyone attempts to open the door. (My windows are made of small panes that no one could get through, though Amazon also carries an inexpensive alarm that would be ideal for windows.) So even without 'Mr. Smith and Wesson' the noise from the door stops alone would be enough to scare off the Baddest Burglar and bring the neighbors running! I am very glad I made this purchase and would reccommend them for anyone who cannot afford the monitered systems, yet cannot afford to be without some kind of warning device.::Kay Moore::5.0::February 7, 2009
RLBRA28ACU7VK::Security on a budget::I travel for work, so having this door stop allows me a sense of security that otherwise I would not have. The alarm is very annoying so hopefully, in the event it was triggered, it would be enough to awaken even fairly deep sleepers.My own issue with the unit is that you need a screwdriver to insert and remove the battery. I remove the battery when I travel so that there is no way for the on off switch to be activated by accident en route.Otherwise, good value and small enough to pack and take each trip.::K8::4.0::July 8, 2008
R3A8JMU7MCY8DP::Worthless on carpet::I bought this alarm of use on my bedroom door to the patio so I can open the door at night for air. If you have carpet and the door is exterior like mine it will not work!!  Exterior doors have a rubber bottom door seal that prevents you from putting the tip of the alarm under the door without setting it off. Because of the carpet, all the alarm does is slide backwards over carpet when the door is opened. I even tried velcro on the bottom of the alarm to no avail. Just be warned!!::Skip::1.0::January 1, 2012
R11LTTFSL1Z5YA::good for travel::Works just like described.  Only negative, I bought for travel.  To remove the battery, you must have a screwdriver.  Kind of a pain when you are traveling.::Single Professional Woman "Christy"::3.0::August 29, 2009
R3UPEC64GPSSIM::Works as expected::I purchased this to augment a home security system.  While the door I am using this on is protected, the siren for the home alarm is towards the front while the door is at the back, and I basically wanted this for the siren.  It is LOUD, which is obviously what you wound want, and seems sturdy, though I am not sure that if someone really pushed in on this it would survive the experience.  Still, at less than $20 (far cheaper than an additional siren for the home alarm) it is well worth it.::J. L. Perez::4.0::April 26, 2008
R2ILO0Q03QB3XN::This may have saved my life!::I took a 6 month trip around the world by myself as a 29-year-old single female. You try to pack as little as possible when you're backpacking, so I was on the fence about bringing the door alarm with me. Thank God I did!I arrived late at a hostel in Cairo, Egypt and the manager was a little too friendly with me and kept making lewd suggestions. Instead of listening to my gut and getting the hell out, I checked into my room. I used the door stop alarm 'just in case'...and at about 2am I heard a key in the lock sliding the bolt. Not only did the door alarm stop the door, but it let out the most ear-splitting, high pitch scream--instead of beeping like a fire alarm it just screams and screams and screams. Needless to say the manager beat a hasty retreat and I checked out as soon as the sun came out. I continued to use this for the remainder of my trip and I can't tell you the peace of mind it afforded me.You literally cannot afford to not take this with you when you're traveling. Terrible things can and do happen--don't assume it won't happen to you. Don't be a statistic.This year I pulled out the door alarm after 2 years of no use. I switched it on and pressed it down to see if it still worked. My ears were ringing for a solid 10 minutes.::Molly Flanigold::5.0::January 11, 2012
RXHU7Z2TIPASQ::Not much right with this alarm.::I bought this for my back door to scare intruders when I wasn't home or to wake me in the middle of the night.The alarm only chirps when the ramp is pressed and shuts off immediately when the door is closed again. It would take a burglar seconds to figure out that this was not a real alarm. With a door between me and the alarm in the middle of the night, I can barely hear it. If you are right next to it, it's loudish, but not bad. On the other end of the house, it's quieter than a kitchen timer. And finally, within two weeks of getting it, the ramp started sticking and hanging up. It's hit or miss if the thing goes off at all now.I wish I had bought something better.::E. Geist::1.0::September 4, 2011
RQWAR3HDYP0R5::Wouldn't fit five different ordinary average doors in my home::Take a good, careful look under your doors before buying this product.  I tried this door stop alarm on five ordinary, average doors in my house -- two exterior doors, three ordinary interior doors -- and it didn't fit under ANY of the five doors.  Unless you have a BIG (>3/4") gap under your door, this relatively high, thick product isn't going to be able to slide under the door enough to work properly.  By the way, my two exterior door were new from Lowes, while the interior doors were old doors from 1949, so the door stops didn't fit a wide variety of doors/frames.  No quibbles with product quality -- the door stops seem solid -- but the manufacturer needs to make them with a lot lower profile.::CK::1.0::June 13, 2012
R3O7FM3XEZ6X22::Works as advertised.  Very loud.  Simple, effective back-up.::This guy is super easy to set up and very loud.  I don't find it to be over-sensitive, so you can move it about without setting it off.  Once you do tap the metal sensor, however, a big, high-pitched screech is released.I bought this because my door alarm has a 30-second delay so I wanted a back-up alarm that sounds immediately when I'm in my apartment.  It works as intended and I'm happy with the product and the price.I docked a star because this thing slides a bit on wood floors.  If someone opened the door, it would still go off, but I think if someone flung the door open, it would set the alarm off initially and then the unit would slide away.  I haven't been able to test this theory, but I'm pretty sure it won't work as a door-stop for this reason.::K. Rao::4.0::May 26, 2009
R1X6XOHYLQJGL6::Great Window Alarm Too::I added sticky back Velcro to mine and use it for an alarm on my bedroom window.  I live on the 1st floor of an apartment building, and there are no security lights outside my windows.  I had one incident where someone cut my screen, raised my window, and then dashed off when they saw me sit up in bed.This inexpensive little gadget now is stuck to the inside of my top window, at a place where a body cannot fit through the opening.  Should anyone try to raise the bottom window I expect this nice instaneous LOUD ALARM will send them flying out of the area for good. I LOVE IT!::J. Toney::5.0::August 29, 2009
R3MV6FB70FNBHU::Works perfectly on carpet, not on hardwood.::Seems to work exactly as advertised on carpet. On hardwood, the door simply slides the doorstop backwards without pressing the alarm down far enough. It does have a "non-slip" rubber bottom, but it didn't seem to be non-slip for me. But even a doormat keeps it in place. But if you don't have carpet or a doormat and your floors are smooth, it might be a risk.::Julie Glavic::3.0::September 27, 2011
R3NVH964O6FV7::Loud! Good quality and inexpensive security/peace of mind.::This product works as advertised and does make a very loud and annoying high-pitched alarm when triggered.  It sounds like a very high-pitched bird making a constant chirping sound with a wavering pitch.  My only complaint is that the sound only triggers so long as the pedal is pressed down.  So theoretically if someone was trying to sneak into your home or hotel etc., and set it off, they could immediately pull the door back a few inches and the alarm would have only gone off for half of a second or something.  It is so loud that I'm sure that it would wake you up, and you would know what it is.  But it would be nice if a triggered alarm would sound for at least 5 seconds or something so that neighbors would realize an alarm was going off etc.  Overall, especially for the price, this is a great addition to home security.::R.S.::5.0::June 18, 2009
RMGVV0AWIB45R::Needs to be redesigned to work properly::The smart home door stop alarm has a WEAK grip when placed under the door to activate. I had to buy grip material and glue it to the bottom of the alarm in order for it to work. Without the added grip material, when the alarm is set under the door and an intruder breaks in, the door stop slides along the floor and does not activate properly. Now it works perfectly.::Paxton::4.0::May 26, 2011
ROHWAIRXX1BWM::Does the job...but has no delayed stop....::This little door stop siren does go ON when pressed, but then it goes right off if you back the door off it.  I would prefer a 30 second delay so that it stays on if someone pushes the door open, to scare them away, even if they pull the door closed again.Note there is also an off switch, so that you can turn the unit off anytime...which also keeps it from making noise while you are carrying it in your suitcase.Another small improvement would be to make the screw that holds the battery door cover a captive screw.  It's actually not critical but is a simple improvement.For a few bucks, its worth the price.  Note it needs 1 9V battery...and says that should last a year.  I suggest you remove the battery if you are not going to use the door stopper for weeks or months, since that will prevent leakage and make it last for many many years.::JMann::4.0::March 14, 2011
RQWSJFF98JDD0::Another Good One from GE::This product works as advertised, piercing sound. You don't want to listen to this sound for long. Rightly, there is a warning to that effect too. Good for travel if you stay in hotels.::Emeka B. Emenike "ben"::5.0::May 13, 2009
R1Q0Y66ISHQNZI::Didn't work for my home::I didn't check my doors out before getting the door stop.  The gap on the bottom is too thin for this device.  It's better for a hotel room.  Before you get this, make sure there is at least 1/2 inch gap between the bottom of the door and the floor to slip this device into.::P. Pun "mypicks"::3.0::May 28, 2012
RLAA89CADAY9P::Effective, Cheap and Easy to Use!::I bought several of these and they are WONDERFUL.  I use them when my husband travels and they are easy enough for my elderly mother to use and they have given her SO much peace of mind since she lives alone.  I also purchased them for my college-aged daughters.  One uses it in her dorm and the other uses hers in her apartment.  They are very loud and an intruder would have a hard time turning them off quickly.  I HIGHLY recommend these as a low-cost easy to use security device!::Mcmorty::5.0::April 24, 2009
R2FRCBNYPIY9ZV::Inconsistent::When this works, it's great. The alarm is very loud and would startle anyone. The trouble is, it doesn't always trigger the same way. One time the alarm sounds with little pressure. The next time it has to be pressed to the max to sound the alarm. Considering why one would purchase one of these door stops, the inconsistency makes this fairly useless. I do not recommend.::Designer::1.0::December 20, 2013
R2RYAZCD41OS2F::Not so good::These are a cool idea.  However, there are 2 flaws in the design.  One, the ramp device does not meet the floor flush.  There is basically a gap.  My front door is very close to the floor so it would hit this unit too low and wouldn't press the ramp down (which is what initiates the alarm).  Also, the device has rubber on the bottom to hold it in place via friction but it isn't grippy enough for my hardwoods so after the doors makes contact with the ramp too low, the unit just gets pushed back out of the way for a total fail.  I think it would work great if you had a door with sufficient clearance so that it hits the unit high enough to depress the ramp AND if you have carpet so that the rubber can grip better.  I have neither so this did not work for me.::Jeff::2.0::November 25, 2012
R2MGCC5N1PSQI7::This door alarm will get every bodies attention!::This door alarm has great quality. It is has a very loud and ear piercing alarm. It could be heard through an entire house.::J. Reynolds::5.0::May 8, 2009
R1X9YPZOSBAJDB::Worked Well...::I took the SmartHome Door Stop Alarm to a motel with me. It made me feel safer.  I tested it first, and found the alarm was loud enough, and the unit is well designed.  I would recommend it.::Cheryl Mazer::5.0::January 6, 2009
RBD2M8BGS90CT::Not good::If you press it, will sound. Ok, but, in order to do that, it have to stay firmly in place and it does not. The door most of the times will push it away. Also, it sounds only while pressed and stop right after the pressure stops. Which doesn't makes sense. It should keep sounding till you reset it::Dino::1.0::September 30, 2013
R1T5XFWNV1NP10::Mediocre security at best::This product should only be considered a tertiary security measure. I got this to place in my garage's side door, because, for me, that door should never be opened from the outside first. You'd always be going out from the garage first, in which case you'd just remove the alarm first. There's a few problems with this:1. Doors in garages tend to have a very low gap between the bottom of the door and the garage floor. This gap is less than the angle this doorstop wedge is made to handle. Thereby, the door effortlessly pushes the wedge along the floor out of the way.2. It does, however, sort of work if I place the wedge on the last 1/3 segment of the door (on the hinge side). However, if you place the wedge there, then if you didn't know the alarm was there and just opened the door with a fair amount of force (like a kick), the door will cause the wedge to angle up on it's nose and topple over.3. Even if you placed the wedge on a door with a big enough gap, you can circumvent this design. The grip pad on the bottom only works if pressure is being applied from the top (from the door pressing down on it). If you know the wedge is there, you can get around it by slowly opening the door. You'll most likely push the wedge away instead of apply pressure to the top and cause it to stick. You could also probably just push it out of the way with a stick or something thin if the gap under the door is big enough.4. You might ask "how would they know it's there before it goes off?" Well, the alarm only chirps while the wedge is being pressed down on. So the instant you hear it going off you might draw the door back to yourself, and that will silence it. If your-would-be thief wasn't scared away at this point, he could probably figure out how to deal with it. When I crept the door open to test it, the alarm only went off for about as long as a smoke alarm chirps when the battery is low before I pulled the door back. That might not be enough to wake you up or get anyone's attention.All in all, I'd give it a 3/5. It's okay for the price and works well as an extra layer of security. Just don't entirely depend on it.::Sam::3.0::November 28, 2011
R2K773WDW9684J::!!! - Product pictured is not the GE 50246 - !!!::I was excited to receive this product until I opened the box. What arrived was a totally different design than what is pictured and (my main issue) just a fraction of the size. I should have been more suspicious when the link attached to the picture in the Amazon.com Product Description could "no longer be found". As a security doorstop, what arrived is just too small to actually stop someone from getting the door to open. It will definitely IMPEDE an intruder, but because of what it's lacking in size, I'm not confident that it alone will keep a door between me and them. It's just too light, too short, too narrow, and it doesn't have a versatile grip. The bad guy will be forced to work a little harder, but if the alarm fails then the doorstop won't stop them. However, the alarm does work "ear-piercingly" well and I would recommend this strictly for traveling uses due to its compactness, but I personally wanted something larger for a less-travel-minded application.Google "GE 50246 Doorstop" to see what this product actually looks like.If anyone knows where I can find the actual product that is pictured on this ad, please let me know ASAP so that I can return the GE 50246 and still get my money back.*** UPDATE ***The picture on this page has been changed and now accurately represents the product that is sold.::Kyle Altman::3.0::July 12, 2010
RWAEMYOQM5MTN::Easy-to-use, inexpensive and LOUD!::What a great idea -- a doorstop alarm that requires zero installation. Just add a 9-volt battery and you have an instant burglar alarm! Perfect for apartment/condo dwellers, travelers and the mechanically disinclined. It's also great for interior doors (e.g. bedroom) for an extra layer of security, or as a supplemental night-time alarm for the main entry door and for other exterior doors, especially French and other glass doors. It would be all but impossible to open the door more than an inch without setting off the alarm.From here -depending on your floor surface -- the grip-bottom on the door stop may prevent the door from opening further at all, or would at least require extra time and effort (with the alarm still squealing away), buying you a few more seconds to respond. The hope, as with any forced entry, is that the alarm will (a) draw ample attention to the intruder, who will hopefully flee the premises, and (b) alert you to the intruder, so that you can call 911 and take whatever defensive measures you can.Other reviewers reported that the bottom did not grip their floors. In some cases, I suspect the culprit for this may be an incorrect placement of the battery. The terminals MUST face the small end of the battery compartment, or it will cause the base plate to bow out ever-so-slightly -- just enough to keep it from making solid contact with the floor. (It took me a few minutes of head-scratching to figure this one out.). Once I got the battery correctly installed, I tried it on 3 different wood floors, a tile floor and a linoleum floor, and it gripped like a charm. The only surface I didn't try was carpet. Before buying, I would suggest measuring the gap under your door, because this door stop would probably not work with a tiny gap of less than 1/4" or on a large gap (I'm guessing anything over 1"). My door gaps ranged from 1/2" to 3/4" and this size range was just right.I think one review complained that it was too sensitive. We tested ours to see if it would go off with misc. household vibrations (stomping on the floor, bumping against the door) and it thankfully didn't. The only caveat I'd offer is to be sure to turn off the alarm before picking it up in the morning, as handling it will set it off in a heartbeat.Some reviewers complained that it wasn't loud enough. We found the alarm to plenty loud for our purposes. It's reportedly 120 decibels, which is probably about right. For comparison, a smoke detector is about 85 decibels, a car horn about 110 decibels. As security goes, this is a real bargain for $9 and change.::NightOwlBookstore "Mantis"::5.0::June 30, 2010
R1GX0JKKT24CD3::As Advertised::Works as advertised.  Loud noise, minimal cost.  Very portable for travel or home.  Also good for gifts.::G. Arnold "Dental Phloss"::5.0::November 23, 2008
R3I04LV49HMCCA::Cheap::This product was cheap for a reason. Once placed below the door, you would have to open it quickly for the alarm to sound. You literally have to place some rubber or tape underneath the stop to keep it in place when you open the door.::CB::1.0::January 8, 2013
R1USYUBQHWGXPP::May need to adapt it a little::The actual unit is cosmetically different from the image shown, but still white plastic with a shiny metal activator pad. It's about the size of the average doorstop, maybe a little larger. Should activate for doors with gaps up to about 1-3/4 in. above the floor without any modification. My gap is 1-1/2 in. and the door opens about 2-3 inches before it activates and jams. An intruder could defeat it pretty easily, but not after it had sounded for a few seconds, which is all I need it to do. It slipped on the painted concrete floor, so I cut a piece of old mousepad and put it on that, problem solved. Wear earplugs when testing it, as it is quite loud and shrill.::Gyraffe::4.0::January 2, 2011
R24FOAA5QPCLH::Secure feeling when you live alone::I purchased a Door Stop Alarm for each of my outside doors.  They truly give you asecure feeling as any movement of the door sounds a really loud alarm.  They do nothave to be wedged under the door, just sit firmly against the door. Would recommendthem to anyone, especially someone who lives alone.  These were ordered fromAmazon::Faye::5.0::December 31, 2010
R39GRI4RQE90UT::NOT GOOD FOR OUTSIDE DOORS::I wasn't thinking when I bought this one.  It seemed like a good system but it won't fit under any of my outside doors unless they're open.  We have weather stripping on every outside door and it won't fit under door.::Madeline "Dog Lover"::3.0::October 31, 2009
R235Q28Z9TOWJI::Simple and Cheap::I just installed this by the front door. Installation entailsStep1Unscrewing the battery coverHaving a 9 volt battery and pressing on the contactsScrewing the cover back onWondering why there is a bulgeUnscrewing the coverPlacing the battery so that the contact caps are toward the middleScrewing the cover back onStep2Switching off the alarmPositioning the door stop and opening the door onto the doorstopStep2 is done when the pressure plate is depressed when the door opensStep3Switch on alarm::JLectic::5.0::August 17, 2012
R26UC4YAAZW752::Nice to Have as Extra Security::I bought several of these for our home and my mother's home.  Super loud, and will stop or at least make it difficult for a door to be opened wide enough for an intruder to enter.  I tested one out on my husband by placing it at the door he normally enters through.  It stopped him, scared him and did just what I hoped it would do.  He kind of got mad at me and hollered a few explicatives but it was worth it! We have one door that is on a raised threshold so I set the door stop alarm on a book and the door hits it squarely when opened just a little bitty bit.  It's loud - ear piercing loud and that's good as it should scare the bejeebers out of a bad person.  On doors that have windows through which the unwanted guest might peer through and see the doorstop, just by placing a light weight towel or papers over it disguises completely.  They'll just think your a slob and leave newspapers on the floor.My mom was thrilled with her doorstops.  Anything to help parents stay safe is money well-spent.Be aware of how all of your doors open since they won't do any good on doors that open to the outside.  The 9 volt battery was a tad difficult to install but I'm not complaining.  For my mom I had to write in big letters with a felt permanent marker ON and OFF so she could easily turn them off when not in use and not waste batteries or scare her by an accidental alarm.  We'll be taking some of these with us on vacation.  These are really great!UPDATE:  December 1, 2011 - I have bought several more of these because they are so practical and good at what they do.  I've learned to pick them up by holding the sides of them lest I accidentally hit the metal plate on top and hear it's ear-breaking scream.  I've taken at least one of these on overnight trips to put against the door in our hotel rooms.  It makes me feel a lot safer knowing this thing will scream if someone tries to break in.::Loveguitar::5.0::May 27, 2011
R1N5A6C6Q7C6CE::GE 50246 SmartHome Door Stop Alarm::The product is good for its purpose. Easy to set and a good deter to intruder. Can be easily turned off and on.::M. Tayyab "At-Tayib"::4.0::April 25, 2009
RIPVG53CTGNTL::Door Stop::I think the door stop is a very good item to use to enhance safety at hotels and condos while you are traveling.  It will not only keep intruders out, it will also sound an alarm to let you know that your entrance door is ajar.::Bugzy::4.0::September 23, 2008
RYHZX7WNC459S::Watch out!::This is a great product.  You place it in front of an exterior door, and it will let you know if someone tries to enter.  It also is an active anti-theft device because it also prevents the door from opening.  You can take it anywhere.::Brian Imel "net nerd"::5.0::September 17, 2008
RNIYAT9XQ54HU::Good Alarm System::This is a good one.  Makes really a loud noice.  I will recommend this to any one.::Nattamai S. Jeykumar "Jey"::5.0::September 6, 2008
R20KID21L60N3T::Died in its first week and has no grip.::The alarm on this door stop is great! At least it is for the 3 days that it works! I got up one morning only to notice that it had died in the night, and there was nothing I can do to fix it. I still decided to use it as a door stop in the off chance that someone might enter without warning, but it took my spouse only 2 seconds to push it out of the way with the door. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!::judekate::1.0::December 29, 2009
R1XVXV9NY0TZE5::Convenient::These door jams are a gift for my friend who moved into her first apartment and for myself. I have beautiful wood doors / frames and I did not want to drill extra holes into the frames. I will also take it with me on trips. The only problem I had (which I did not realize before ordering) was that my floor jamb is not flat (has thin wood molding) so the alarm does not lay flat and cannot fit under that one door. Otherwise, the product was good and the delivery was quick.::Green Thumb::4.0::August 26, 2007
R1ATFDU5YWFTBY::Will NOT work under many doors::This product is slightly larger than a normal doorstop. It will work ONLY if the space under the door is large enough for it to slide under. On our trip to India the toe was too thick to fit under the doors at 3 of the 4 hotels we visited. That made it useless 75% of the time. Not a good choice for a travel alarm.::Carole1001::2.0::January 25, 2011
R2UF8UQHKIIW1T::Piece of junk::Do not waste your money on this product. Right out the package it didn't work. Complete junk. Save your money and DO NOT BUY.::Rob::1.0::October 29, 2013
R2DTE4JRYVHOUN::Didn't work well on my hard wood floor::I ordered it because I went on a family vacation where no one would be home.  I had tested before leaving; I had put the door stop alarm a few inches away from the door, as I open the door to see if the door stop would actually stop the door from opening too wide and see if the alarm would work, nothing worked.  Nothing worked because when I opened the door, the door stop alarm skid across the floor and wouldn't even stop the door from opening.  My floor is very well polish and too clean for it to handle the job.  I'm very disappointed that I wasted my time and money investing this useless defenseless item.::Emily Smith::1.0::August 28, 2013
R2T3B0E7H8B53A::A must for Front Doors::I bought 3 of these and they are excellent. Helps me sleep at night and if the alarm does go off you'll have enough time to get your weapon to protect yourself.::Pagani Zonda::5.0::May 16, 2013
R2Q807AM5GZBBH::Serious Quality Control Problems::I have relied the GE brand name to  provide some assurance that what they were selling met some basic threshold of quality. The model I received was seriously lacking in the basics: 1. Virtually no instructions, even to the point that the battery requirements are not mentioned. 2. Power indicator L.E.D. does not function. 3. The screws strip out when the battery compartment is accessed. While the basic design is still valid, its execution, at least on the product I received, is deeply flawed.::William Krum::1.0::March 11, 2013
R3SKHYQ7CCNUYD::Disappointing!!!::I don't understand the good reviews. The alarm is clearly not very loud.  It chirps and cuts itself off.  As the old saying goes "you get what you pay for".  Save your money and invest in something else.::Cindy::1.0::March 4, 2013
R1OLR2QRE88CF5::Does it work - yes.  Do I like it - No::It is very unusual for this to actually work on a hotel door.  The distance between the floor and the door has to be just right.  I recommend you look for something different if you want a little extra travel protection.  I bought this because I am a single woman who travels to foreign countries twice a year.  I no longer pack it with me.  I have not found the right combination of floor to door ration to make it useful.::Sharon Jacobs::2.0::December 22, 2012
RB96WKJ1ZVA4E::Amazing little gadget::These little alarms are great, you can't believe how loud they are. I find it reassuring that I'd know if somebody tried to open the door while I was asleep. I don't expect them to keep out someone who was really determined to get in, but they would sure as heck advertise that they were trying to do it, and that's all I ask. They are good quality and easy to set up.::desertwiffie::5.0::November 30, 2012
R1ES8STZOEGSTL::Should be louder and stay activated::Awesome price but disappointed the alarm can't really be heard outside the house.  Doubt a neighbor would hear it unless they were outside in their yard.  And most disappointing of all is the fact that the alarm stops as soon as you quit pushing on the door... so unless a robber passes out immediately and keeps pressing against the alarm it could nothing more than a quick chirp (sounds like a smoke alarm on steriods).  But great alert at night to hopefully at least wake you if activated by an intruder.::Highyawasa::3.0::May 16, 2012
R1QVEL5FRCVW5X::Love the added security!::I love this alarm!  I bought two, one for each door, and I've tried to open my door with the door stop alarm placed in front of my door.  Of course when I tried to open the door, I did not have the switch turned on, so didn't set off the alarm.  I seriously could not open my door with this in place.  The rubberized bottom of the door stop grips the floor, and there is no way to open the door past the alarm.  The alarm itself is loud, and I've actually scared myself a few times by forgetting that I had the alarm in place and opening the door!  This was a great purchase!::Kathy::5.0::November 11, 2011
R3BAH9P9TT57BA::Piercing LOUD Alarm::Just letting anyone know who is thinking about this product that it is SO very loud, that it will scare you to death. Also if you are in an apartment building, it will wake the neighbors.Note also that if you have a cat or dog... they can easily set it off too.I love it!!! It scared a raccoon away that was on my front porch.. I just pushed the button and it took off!!  Now if it will do that to someone trying to break in, I will be gettting rid of the gun I have.::Ksue::5.0::April 4, 2011
R2NB6KNDRCPIZ1::ALERT!::Wow! I was hesitant at first but it's worth it. The alarm is loud the first couple of times you hear it but you'll get used to it. My dog hates it. It's great for traveling!::KAY::5.0::January 27, 2011
R3F16GU554TXR0::Poor Man Security Alarm::I bought this product because my girlfriend was scared to sleep alone in her apartment. There is only one entrance so this product is ideal. While this product may offer a little support by holding the door shut if someone is trying to get in, it is more of a "scare tactic". It has an ear piercing alarm which is sure to scare off any intruders. If you want added door security to make sure no one can get in your door. I recommend the MasterLock security bar. This product is well made and will give you a peace of mind when you sleep!::Skillum::5.0::December 28, 2010
R328Q0IYYDYNBR::GE doorstop alarm::Product works as described and is very loud.  Only problem is to make sure that there is enough space under door to fit this along the edge.  If not, the door will just push it out of the way.  Had to make a small groove in the bottom of the garage access door to the house.  Wasn't a big deal, and it will definitely wake you up.  Will probably take this along on trips when staying in a hotel instead of propping a chair in front of the door!::Mark W. Roy-Brooks::4.0::June 2, 2010
R7039XNUBZ5YC::Door stop alarms::The Ge Smart Home Door Stop Alarm works great but I have a very large home with doors in the basement that I couldn't set the alarm on. The doors open up to a couple of stairs and there is no flat area to place the alarm. I also have a dog that kept setting them off.  Otherwise  I recommend them highly if you have a small home or apartment and no dogs.::Joellyn M. Tufano "JoJo13"::4.0::October 13, 2009
R3C239BTXCJ572::What an amazing product!::My husband & I recently moved from a 2nd floor apt. to the ground floor to accomadate age & arthritis issues.As seniors we are happy to be on the ground floor but apprehensive about our vulnerability for breakins. We purchased the GE Doorstop Alarm for peace of mind and that is exactly what we got from this product. It was inexpensive & very easy to use.Once we are in for the evening we set 2 of them,1 at the front hallway door & the other at the door to our back porch, and we don`t give our safety another thought!Thank you for such a wonderful product.Safe in Pa.The Johnston`s::Barbara L. Johnston::5.0::September 18, 2009
R306U06Z6J2XX2::Loud and portable...::a good combination; we have it on a door 2 floors below our bedroom and we hear the alarm loud and clear.  It's nice being able to move it around or take it with us as needed.::Seattleite::5.0::March 18, 2009
R35E74076JL2YB::Great, but a couple suggestions::Wow, this alarm is piercingly loud.  I love it!  It fits nicely under/near any doorway, and because the silver metal top is lightweight metal, it triggers easily, which is great.  It'll startle anyone coming in, because you will have to put your hands over your ears, it's that loud.  There is an instructional demo video of this alarm online. The price is unbeatable.Improvements are several.  For instance, it shrieks when it is depressed by the door, but the minute it is no longer depressed (i.e the person shuts the door again), the alarm is off.  Wouldn't it be nice to have the option that, once activated, the thing keeps a shrill alarm going.  If it shuts off, the intruder may think the system is now off.  He can hear it shut off on the other side of the door!  It'd sound like a real wired alarm if it would only stay activated.It take a 9V battery.  AA and AAA batteries are much more common these days, and would be preferred for this device, particularly as many small mom and pop stores that you might find on a vacation or remote area have AAA and AA but not 9V batteries.Also, you should remove the battery when not in use, to prevent leakage and ruining the device, plus slow battery drain, but--aha--you have to take the battery door off with a tiny screwdriver, like you'd get in a small parts/computer kit (not a regular size Phillips head driver).  The crooks aren't going to get in the door, so please make the batteries easier to get at for those of use who are good guys already inside.  I just don't carry a small Phillips screwdriver with me on vacation, GE!There is an "on/off" switch on this, which is nice, but it's fragile and small and located on the heel of the device---this is precisely where you will kick the device to get it under the door jam.  It's chincy, like it'll eventually break.  Move the switch please, for instance, recessed in the bottom.I'm giving it three stars.We keep one by our back entry door.  Someone opens it, bango, I know your're there and I get out of bed prepared.::Coolkayaker "ck1"::3.0::May 17, 2012
R11JNZ7X2AWPBD::cheap::the front top white part I thought was for the batteries... it snapped off easily and I thought it went back on...no dice...broken.You have to unscrew bottom pad to put batteries in it. Ugh...me go back cave painting now::A. Gift For You "A gift for you"::1.0::October 23, 2013
R3GWSK8AP3UAG9::We were robbed!::We had 2 deadbolts plus this item and our door was kicked in. The police just left. He didnt recommend the item but did recommend the extended stick kind that go under the knob an extend to the floor. We are trying that instead. The alarm part never worked properly.::D. L. Stockwell "dstock"::1.0::July 7, 2012
R1U7NX2C5VW320::Yes, it's loud!!::Holy cow.  We purchased this alarm for my paranoid when we went on vacation in Mexico.  The first time we tested it out was when we got to the hotel.  If you ever want to scare someone away, use this product.  Simply put, a robber will not be able to steal anything because he will need to cover his ears with both his hands!!::Dan Demangos::4.0::March 29, 2014
R21IBP34Q4M21::Not able to use.::Received this item but it did not work - from day one.  We had to return before being able to test.::Krisi Lee::1.0::January 13, 2014
R36CYUNHK66CT7::Loud as s***::It's really freaking loud.  Put it under and door and they will likely hear it from space.  Worth the money.::Tommy Dayton::4.0::January 2, 2014
R35ITDW0O7NMCG::Doesn't work in my house::This stopper will only work on a door with no gap between the bottom of the door and a bare floor.  I have two outside doors, each with weatherstripping and sills which close this gap.  Why would I want cold air, bugs and dust coming in from under my doors?  I don't and therefore there is no gap and no room for this jammer to fit.  And, I don't remember being in a hotel room that doesn't have a pretty solid latch, which I think would do a better job of keeping out intruders when I'm in the room (obviously, it can't be put in place when you leave the room).  So, if you have a house with gaps under your doors, this might work--except on the door you use to leave the house.::SB "SB"::1.0::December 29, 2013
R2PXT7LIL68P9Y::works as advertised::I bought this a couple years ago, & it still works fine. I had initially bought it for my wife to take with her since she was traveling a lot at the time, staying in a lot of hotels. So this gave her (& me too a little) some peace of mind to at least know everyone on the whole floor would be woken up if anyone tried to come in her room at night. The noise from this thing will definitely get your attention.  We keep it under the back door in our sunroom these days.  I doubt anyone would try to break though that door since the room is surrounded by more easily accessible windows, but who knows. We will occasionally still take it with us when we travel sometimes when we remember to grab it while we're packing.::chris vendel::5.0::December 19, 2013
RZ1LN8MUNUJ4M::Door stop alarm::Great product, works well on any door. I use it for traveling and at home. Well made but could be a little heavier.::james lyall::5.0::December 18, 2013
R1DEM30P9W49T::Great Door Stop!::It's a great door stop! As far as a deterrent? No. It is not a good deterrent. If a thief freaks out after kicking your door in and in some short form of paranoia decides to pull the door shut as they run (for their protection from the sound of the alarm or home owners coming to  investigate) they will realize that the alarm shut off BECAUSE THE ALARM WILL ONLY SOUND WHEN STOPPER IS PRESSED. When stopper is released the alarm stops. If they slowly open the door or peak thru window they can see a BRIGHT SHINY PLATE made of metal (but the rest of the device is plastic?) sticking out from under the door. One shine of a flashlight will reflect your security device. If the battery goes dead (9 volt) a red led will display for the whole world to see on the back of the device. Why not place it on the bottom? Final words are; Don't buy unless you are looking for something that will keep children out of a room, or if you just want a really rude or expensive doorstop. I placed some hook and loop tape in between the shiny metal peddle and the device so it stays on if someone trespasses. Really have to rip it back up and shut it off manually after the peddle is pressed. Since this device needed my innovation I gave it three stars.::Leopold Stotch::3.0::June 20, 2013
R1JF1X6YUZLULZ::Door stop Alarm::Works well. The alarm goes off when pressure is put on it. My husband is using the alarm to notify him when he rolls over to his back.::C::4.0::May 31, 2013
RENII58O556MS::Very Loud::I haven't had a chance to use the product but when testing it the alarm scared me because of how loud it is.::Darren Kaiser::5.0::May 29, 2013
R3Q5TBPU2DQ0SX::Really loud!::I put this on my side garage door.  It makes an incredible noise & has a good secondary feature of making the door harder to swing open if someone were to try to get in.  Easy to set.::L. Erickson "nature lover"::5.0::May 27, 2013
R30MYWCC0ZID5S::Perfect::It looked and worked as your ad said.  We use it every time we leave our home and are glad we purchased the door stop alarm.::Christine Mueller::5.0::May 20, 2013
R10CA2I1IO6QFZ::Great concept, if not defective::I bought 5 Of these. Only 2 worked. The buzzers on 3 were defective with just a faint buzz. Changing batteries made no difference. Because I purchased them for a second home, by the time I was able to test them, the 30 day return period had expired::Richard M. Asbill::1.0::May 12, 2013
R3MKWOS5LTG12Q::Absolute Crap - Save your money::Just got these a few weeks ago, and they do NOT work. They're poorly made, and what noise I finally was able to get out of only one of them was no louder than a small fly buzzing. Very weak and certainly not audible in the next room.GE has sure taken a dive on it's quality control.::T. Fruge::1.0::April 14, 2013
RLYM79KV57YWD::poor::if anyone has a door that has a gap under it that will let this item slip under your door you must have to biggest draft coming into your house there is. Also an outside door opens into the house, so how is it suppose to release the pressure plate when it is pushing against it and it does not slide due to the rubber backing on the bottom. A total waste of my money unless you are going to use it on an outhouse and even then once again the door goes inward so it pushes the plate down but the plate has to come up for the alarm to go off. Someone got something backwards on this item. Unfortunetly I waited too long to return it so in the trash it went...::tom::1.0::March 24, 2013
R5H6V064JUQP::Ok::Ordered two. One of them broke within days, the other is still ok. Buy at your own risk I guess.::ThunderDre::3.0::March 8, 2013
R21PPXQ39C2QXI::Didn't work::The grip on the bottom of this didn't grip on my tile floor at all - when the door opened -- the alarm just slid out of the way. I tried it on carpet, and linoleum and the same thing happened. It just slides away. The alarm did work when I pushed the two pieces together. It is loud -- just don't know how you would keep it in place when the door opens so it can do its job.::LGKidd "RV there yet?"::1.0::February 1, 2013
RKWXI9U6IQFGJ::Door Wedge Alert::This is a waaaaay cool product!  There are two negative aspects I should deal with first.  The wedge works well on hard wood or tile flooring, but it slips on carpet, secondly; if there isn't enough space between the floor and the bottom of the door, the wedge can't function properly, so an entry way that opens onto plush carpet may or may not function for you.  I have short carpet, so they work for me.  Having said that, I amin love with these simple alarm gadgets.  Simply stated, the door opens and they scream in protest as well as acting as a door stop for an intruder.  Will the wedge prevent entry altogether?  I don't think so, if the invader is seriously committed to gain entrance, but it will let you know you have an intruder and it will slow the intruder down and probably spook the non pro burglar into leaving without your interaction.  This simple, easily affordable product could save you and your loved ones, buy you time to dial 911 and leave the phone to hang while you use remaining minutes to further secure family safety.  I happily bought several for my home.::Dawn::5.0::November 24, 2012
R3HHC8GTU0CYGX::Works as advertised, battery not included::Plenty loud, works as advertised.  Battery not included.  Be sure to have a 9volt battery hand.  I put this about half way into the door swing, and I usually remember to not open the door more than that before moving it.::Chris A. Mahar::4.0::September 13, 2012
RPSDVCEQ8C2OR::Works, but showed up with a stripped screw::Item showed up brand-new in the package.  Opened it and the screw that holds the battery cover on (on the bottom of the door stop) fell out.  The screw was stripped, so I had to tape the battery cover door on, thereby reducing the effectiveness of the friction pad.The alarm is extremely loud and the price is right, but I'm really a bit skeptical at build quality that allows something so fundamentally integral to the device to fail upon delivery.PS - I did not attempt to exchange or return this item.  For the price, it's not worth my time or money to ship it back.::Kindle Customer::3.0::April 23, 2012
R2U3JQ3ZF5C8S4::Works as promised::I was a bit skeptical at first but the Smart Home Door Atop Alarm worked without a hitch. I recommend this product for anyone who stays in hotel / motel rooms or lives alone.::Rosie::5.0::February 20, 2012
R1ZNIGJBT28D9W::2-in-1 (door jammer and alarm) cheap security system::Extremely impressed with the cost and functionality of this door stopper. It does 2-in-1 job,  1) stops the intruder from coming inside by force 2) sets off the alarm. I think this is a must have for all home, even though you have expensive security monitoring installed. It looks much smaller than what it looks in the picture. I wish I can find something small and similar to this product to use on sliding windows. It do not come with battery (9v), need to buy separately (approx. $4).Just a minor suggestion for improvement. The alarm should not stop when the door is closed back, it should have some button to reset the alarm.::KUMS::5.0::February 17, 2012
R14U143XSW5H7B::Feeling safer...::Although slightly larger than I expected, this doorstop definitely provides a feeling of safety. It is very loud, and has a nice secure on/off button so it won't go off unexpectedly. I will take it with me when I travel, and may even use it at home when I'm alone. Good buy!::S Gibbs::5.0::February 3, 2012
RPS1UJ4KMETTE::I love this product::I bought this product to feel a little safer when my husband was out of town on business. It really did help calm my nerves. When the door is opened it lets out a loud alarm that literally hurts my ears when standing right next to it. I can hear it from any room in my house. I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone that is looking to feel more secure in their home.::SAmommy::5.0::December 29, 2011
R6RCLZ3R4JQYI::Quality Product!::I purchased this product as a secondary security measure after someone broke into my apartment. I use it at the door to alert me if someone is trying to break into my apartment. It is loud enough to alert me of an intruder and race to the phone to call 911. Also, this security device is small enough to carry on trips and use it in your hotel room. I recommend this product!!!!!!!!!!::Quality Shopping Jen::5.0::December 24, 2011
RQZRAKYZ388Y3::GE Door Stop Alarm::I absolutely love this alarm. I purchased it for my apartment because I felt I needed a little extra protection as my bedroom is so far away from the front door. This alarm is LOUD! I stuck a piece of velcro to the floor and the bottom of the alarm. I have a rug over the velcro on the floor during the day. At night, I move the rug and stick the alarm to the floor. It just makes it a little bit more secure. This would be great for hotel stays. Don't hesitate to buy it!::allie::5.0::October 15, 2011
R12ZZKJFID3GUF::Works, But Not For My Original Location::If the gap under your door as it sweeps across the entry is less than 1/4 inch (like my front door), this product will not work for you (insert unhappy face here).  That said, the product itself is fine, the alarm sound is incredibly loud, the rubber base seems to hold well on both tile and lanoleum, and for me, it will just be re-purposed to be used as a hotel room door warning device during travel.  I agree with others who have complained about the little mini-screw that holds the battery compartment closed...this product should have a simple straight-forward method of inserting the battery, rather than needing specialized tools just to power it up.::Bob::4.0::October 15, 2011
R222424CYYWY3J::Does exactly what you want it to do::My wife, two year old daughter, and I live in a single wide in a rural area of Ohio. It is a low crime area, yet there are occasional disturbances. This gives me peace of mind. I'm a bit of a heavy sleeper, and although my wife is not, this noise would be guaranteed to wake me the second an intruder began to force the door, giving me precious seconds more to respond (with the handgun that's kept on my nightstand at night) that I might not have if I had to wait for her to hear the door, figure out what it was, and wake me.Additionally to the screeching noise, it also serves as a legitimate doorstop on most surfaces - I find that it would do a better job holding our door than the lock probably would, to be quite honest.All in all? Excellent and worth having. My brother and my parents both had me get one for them too, and they're all similarly happy.May they never come in handy!::Jeff S::5.0::July 29, 2011
RJSFN1SOVEWH8::Works but my door was too high::It works as advertised but the space between it and the bottom of my door was quite a bit so we have to position just right that it will get activated when the door finally catches it.::Comparison Shopper::4.0::October 9, 2010
R1DV4HF9YYZB9V::Smart Protection::Instead of spending an "alarming" amount of money on protection services, I chose the door alarmto alert me of any type of intrusion. It is effective and economical.::Stanley A. Tweedy "S. A. Tweedy"::5.0::September 19, 2010
R1ZUGR09BTJ9IJ::Great for traveling!!::On a recent trip and cruise, we used this every night.  The alarm is loud and offers extra protection for you.  I would not hestitate to buy it for traveling!::Make Time 2 Read::5.0::November 27, 2009
R3KHGKPB34OZSF::GE 50246 Smart Home Door Stop Alarm::I love this door alarm, but understand that it's not fail-safe.  It won't stop someone from breaking into your home.  It might not even deter someone from continuing to encroach your home, after it's activated.But it does what I bought it for; it will definitely alert me when I'm at home, and identify that someone wants to steal my possessions, cause me bodily harm, or both.  It enables me with a clear opportunity to defend myself, which is all I ask for.  I enjoy a level-playing field.::franky::5.0::October 10, 2009
R2G4JBGBWZTC9N::Great little product::This little device is a great addition to any security measure you wish to implement in your apartment or flat. When activated it is very loud and will wake the most sound sleeper. Not difficult to use just put the 9 volt battery in and flip the switch and place it where you want it.::US male shopper::4.0::October 2, 2009
RX1ODX926S66U::Alarm for Away from home::Works as described.  The audible alarm is quite loud and cannot be ignored.  I've combined this GE 50246 SmartHome Door Stop Alarm with the MasterLock Security Bar.  While on temporary assignment away from home, this product pairing provides me another level of security in a rental apartment (especially since I'm not the only person with a key).::A Consumer::5.0::March 31, 2009
R1XPASP83MBK0V::Does what it needs to do::Moved into an apartment. This was a simple alert system to install for now. Only complaint is the fact that this door stop alarm will slide on the floor if you open the door slowly. By gluing some rubber shelf liner to the bottom, you can stop the alarm from sliding across the floor. Also wish this alarm once tripped would keep on wailing until it was shut off. By simply pulling the door closed, the alarm will stop. I want to be awakened by this thing. For the price, it is doing its job.::Harry Robinson J Jr::3.0::May 31, 2013
R2DNSHBZ6IOB9N::Didn't even work.::I bought this and was so excited for another measure of security in my apartment.  When I got it I put the battery in and nothing happened.  I went back read the pamphlet that came with it, followed instructions, still nothing.  I got new batteries, still nothing.  I got some new batteries again, nada.  I was pretty disappointed that I just paid for a chunk of plastic and metal.::J.Rojas::2.0::April 30, 2014
R2F9M5WU1KLT8X::Good product - would prefer easier battery access::When turned on, this works great.  I highly recommend it for travelers, to provide some extra security at night from unwanted visitors.  There are known vulnerabilities with a highly popular hotel electronic lock system, so the issue is not only someone able to obtain a master key.The only complaint I have is that the battery door requires a small screwdriver to open.  Most multitools will work, but I think it should be easier.The power switch is a small sliding switch, which means there is a risk it could get knocked in luggage and turned on.  You do not want this going off in your luggage.  So the only way to ensure this can't happen is to disconnect the 9V battery.  And that's why I would prefer it have a more accessible battery compartment (or a more robust/failsafe power switch).::Steve::4.0::March 15, 2014
R21WLZNDX8T76Q::Loud and annoying::The unit is easy to set up and is very loud and annoying. A good addition to a home security protection layer.::KDBilly::5.0::January 11, 2014
R1TYWLO67JIM81::Cheap, convenient addition to your home security.::Product arrived in excellent condition, easy to set up, use & works great. Does what it's supposed to do - alert me if anyone enters the door. Loud enough to startle any potential bad guys. Helpful when home or with pets & you can't use your motion detector. Hopefully an intruder would change his mind rather than being in the sights of my shotgun because I am not good at repairing drywall.::Miss E::5.0::January 10, 2014
R2RFH5DL0410UT::THIS ALARM WORKS::I bought this alarm for travel after my son tried to leave the hotel room during our last visit to Disneyland.  It is extremely loud, which is a good thing, and works really well.  A must for anyone with safety concerns and also very inexpensive.::Mary F. McLoone::5.0::January 9, 2014
R2YTCPOH2DS264::works great::I would recommend this for sure!! Got it for my daughters apartment and it works great!! LOUD!! Super loud!  wow::Tiffany::5.0::January 8, 2014
R2DON72CUENJQO::Safety first::Protect your family.Make your life more protection.Easy to operate.Relatively more powerful.And very easy to install.The family is essential safety equipment.::sunwukong::5.0::January 7, 2014
R1FZ3HVOKI3YJH::Alarm protection::Very reliable way to protect your home from intruders. All you do is place close to your door and if it is disturbed it will send off a loud sound.::Andrew W. Proch::5.0::January 7, 2014
R1X7VYXPC8D9WY::Ear splittingly good::Super easy to use, would wake the dead. Can't say how long it will last, have not had it long. It goes in the travel bag every time.::Juls "gardening for life"::5.0::January 7, 2014
RZBE69GL7ODB4::Good alarm weak door stopper::Alarm is sensitive and loud but it does not work well as a door stopper. The rubber piece only works on certain surfaces and it is simply glued on there with a weak glue. A security bar may do a better job.::Enlighten_1::3.0::December 20, 2013
R33FQ7GQURIL4C::Good price, works well.::Functions as advertised but easily damaged if door is pushed too quickly. Excellent for hotels and dorms. A similar product has volume adjustment.::D. Gutierrez "Miko"::4.0::December 12, 2013
RMJWWOO179J3Z::Very nice addition to basic security.::I have bought three of these, and they all work well.  I cannot give them 5 starts; however because they have a tendency to slide the rubber feet and the floor are not kept very clean and dry.  Nothwithstanding, I am glad that I bought them.  They provide much appreciated, added security to my situation.::Amazon Customer::4.0::December 8, 2013
RCQ7YKPPSG7O0::Not for doors with skinny cracks under them, and need to install battery with screwdriver::I can't actually say I've used these... which is sort of why the rating is low.  They aren't particularly "substantial" in nature.  You have to use a tiny screwdriver to open the compartment for the batteries, and the point of the wedge is pretty "fat"; it's only going to fit under a door where there's enough of a gap.  That being said, the bottom of it has sort of a nonskid pad on it, so when a door is forced, the stop will slip back only a bit before it "locks" in place.  However, it is the "fatness" of the point of the wedge that makes these unusable for me.  I suppose if I had given that some more thought (ie, that the cracks under my doors aren't substantial) I would have reconsidered.  I'd also prefer not to have to install batteries with a screwdriver.  I'm sure if you don't mind the screwdriver part and the openings under your doors are fat enough, these will work fine (they're GE).::Ariel::2.0::December 8, 2013
RTN4LPBX1018Q::Works ok, alarm doesn't stay on.::Works well. We had to shim it since the gap between floor and door was too big.Only downside so far, the alarm only stays on as long as the door pushes against the wedge. As soon as you pull the door back (=and the metal plate goes back to its rest position) the alarm stops.::LennyMatt::3.0::November 27, 2013
R1L8HVBT93MRV2::Great Item::Great Item, it is very loud and works as a door stop.  If you want more security i think this is a definite buy.::Maureen O'grady Hanrahan::5.0::November 18, 2013
R1RIGXT2WXLV0M::I sleep much better now!::I bought 3 of these door stops, one for each door exiting my house. I love them. The alarms on them are very loud. I sleep much better now!::sandy::5.0::November 17, 2013
R137YU54UR3P6W::Great for travels::Easy install works as advertised, and it's priced right.  Loud enough for a house so it's great for an apartment and travels easy to hotels.::John::5.0::November 11, 2013
R1HF0S94BDZI4F::Feel safe::I love these.  I feel so safe and enjoy the fact that you can take them with you if your on vacation.  Highly recommend them for everyone.  They are loud and you will not be surprised by intruder::Ralph::5.0::November 9, 2013
R1FRD6G1K4UAE8::Small price to pay for a little more peace of mind!::Love this little item. It gave me peace of mind on a recent road trip where the door to the hallway in the hotel was the only possible entrance. An extra layer of protection from unwelcome guests. I do think the staff accidentally set it off the last morning as they tried to slip the statement under the door, but it was only for a second. Very loud, piercing alarm would be sure to get your attention.::T. Studios::5.0::November 9, 2013
RCQTRMREEZ4DF::Worth the money::It is very easy to use and is loud enough to alert you even if sleeping.A good value for added security.::Joe::5.0::November 7, 2013
R14CIPSPJURWCV::Nice Product::Very nice product.  It is exactly what it appears to be, a door stop with an alarm.  Couldn't be simpler, and works as advertised.I use it along with a security bar.  Therefore, I have two independent items (the bar and the door stop) that actually block the door from opening, and the alarm feature of the door stop is an added bonus.  Obviously, this only works for doors that swing into the room.This is a very nice and inexpensive product that, if someone tried to come through the door, would at least slow them down, while simultaneously alerting me that something was wrong.  Combined with a security bar, it will slow them down even more. I highly recommend getting both. I now feel much better about what I saw as a weak spot in home security.  Again, this is not to suggest that it makes the door as strong as Fort Knox, and I have no illusions that a determined intruder isn't going to make it through.However, any intruder is going to find his path to be physically more difficult, and is going to create major noise.  That gives me time to react and call the police, if needed.  Hopefully, there never will be an intruder, and if there is one perhaps he'll be more likely to run away once he sets the alarm off (and he WILL set it off).In any event, I definitely sleep more soundly in part because of this inexpensive little gadget.I should also mention that when I've tested it by putting pressure on the door stop, the alarm has worked every time.  On the other hand, there have been zero false alarms, which is a problem that plagues some security products, but isn't a problem for this one at all. Highly recommended.::Eric Blair::5.0::November 6, 2013
R3V3HEJM689A3X::Sounds like a canary::This is NOT loud and it sounds like a canary.  I've never heard of burglars being afraid of canaries!  Do not waste your money.::san clemente::1.0::September 28, 2013
R1DISG7LBYYADJ::Puh-leee-ase::This product didn't work for me at all.  I don't know why I thought it would.  I have used the rubber door stoppers before and they were effective.  This was a joke.  Don't waste your money on this.  You're better off using a towel.::Priscilla G::1.0::September 27, 2013
R14WX1O5TE8KMK::Works well::This product is loud and works as stated. Peace of mind for anyone with the proper type of door opening.::Amazon Customer::5.0::July 18, 2013
R20OWBDMBK4A2O::Worked Great::Okay, I was staying in an apartment in Madrid alone and I wanted to feel safe. This worked beautifully. I knew that if anyone pushed on the door, it would make an ear-splitting noise and probably terrify whoever was breaking in. Not that I expected anyone to try but with this against the door I slept like a baby.::C. Pugh::4.0::July 18, 2013
R2O5QH9XR0UY59::Crazy loud, but could have better grip::The alarm on this is very loud.  Also, I was glad to see that the alarm is not triggered immediately when the pressure plate starts to depress - there is a little play before the alarm sounds.  This was important to me because I needed to be able to slide the tip of the door stop slightly into the gap under the door to get a good position.  This slightly depressed the pressure plate, but didn't sound the alarm.  My only disappointment (and it is slight) is that I wish the bottom grip pad had more grip.  My door opens over a tile floor and the door stop has a tendency to slide and not stop the door if I don't wedge it slightly under the door.  A tackier bottom pad might do the job better.::Andy Fritsch::4.0::July 17, 2013
R2C400I6V1R3B3::Alarm is loud!::We use this at our walkout basement door. Good added security with a nice loud alarm. Gave one to my daughter for her college apartment.::NoVA2::4.0::July 17, 2013
R3CGPCSHRDHINH::Loud, portable and stops the door from opening::This is a simply designed portable door stop with alarm. It is very loud and will effectively stop door from opening completely on the first try.  A+::M. A. Mitchell::5.0::July 16, 2013
R1YXS1MJ13BOQQ::Does the job!::A week or so ago I woke up to the sound of the door handle jiggling, then what sounded like a screwdriver/pry bar from some dork who wanted inside.2nd Amendment in hand I chased the perp off.Decided to get the GE door stop for added, um "alertness".Extremely loud, and sensitive to even the slightest jar. Easy to set up. Place by door when you crash and this baby will scream if a baddie tried to get in.Non lethal Protection is a good thing until you have to go to the next step.::Tim::5.0::July 15, 2013
REW0BCEPC7I3C::Screamers::These Things work excellent, I haven't had a intruder yet, and Hope never to have one but these in conjunction with some other stuff work great. They are Very loud and you will know if someone is not were there supposed to be.::Jon Stall::5.0::July 12, 2013
R2U0PPCK92M1OB::Peace of mind!!::Great product and very easy to set up. My daughter uses this for her apartment entry door. It makes a very loud noise that will wake all her neighbors should an intruder try to gain access to her apartment. The door stop works very well at stopping the door from being opened and will allow her enough time to escape the apartment.::RunnergirlinNavarre::5.0::July 6, 2013
R3CCLTYI8BL8KG::Loud and effective::You do need a little bit of room under your door to squeeze this under.  You are worried about your basement windows? Jam this under your basement door at night.::Finn Comfort Fan::5.0::July 4, 2013
RKYM7I4Q7ML21::not going to miss this sound::We bought this for my daughter when she moved into her apartment. We tried it out and it is VERY loud. you would not sleep through this::Michelle Philpot::5.0::July 2, 2013
R2Z24XJMSN9R2X::Feel Safer Now::I purchased this for my daughter to use in her apartment.  It works great.  Such a small thing for peace of mind.  You take it when you travel too.::Leslie V::5.0::July 2, 2013
R2998UU7O53MYM::loud and stops person from entering::I place two of these about a foot and half on the inside of door - they stop the door from being opened all the way and let's me know when someone's coming in... so my boyfriend can hide in the closet (only kidding)!::la Rouge Plume::5.0::July 1, 2013
R2XGAM8898UU66::Useful for Alzheimer's wanderers::If you have a loved one with Alzheimer's and they tend to wander, this could be a very useful device for caregivers.  Use it at home, or in a hotel, or anywhere you want to monitor wandering. I don't know if this would work on sliding doors though.  I got this for an overnight trip with my father.  Instead of worrying all night in case he woke up and was confused, now you can sleep knowing that if he tries to leave the room, you will know about it right away.::Randy::5.0::July 1, 2013
R4WMO07VZ3WZ8::It's certainly better than nothing...::I ordered one of these for each door to the house after some neighbors had breakins this past weekend. I also ordered buddy bar door jammers which I hope to have shortly.Pros:- Very easy to use - remove from the package - install batter (sold separately) and set in front of the door.- VERY loud alarm. This alarm will wake you from a dead sleep. LOUD and warbling it will likely frighten off an intruder as well.- stops the door pretty well on a solid push.- stands up to actual use - the cosntruction is sufficient for the use.Cons:- if it's not set properly the stop will slide (TEST it before you depend on it and see how best to use in your situation)- The door has to open at least slightly for the stop to engage - this means there will be a few inch gap even if it stops the door cold.Overall it's an inexpensive deterrent. Once I receive the Buddy Bars I will feel better as those are rated to completely prevent the door from opening.::James Ridgway::3.0::June 26, 2013
RIG56JQZTUDKQ::Door Alarm::It's loud and it works like it's advertised. I just wish it would lock once it's triggered so the alarm would stay on.::Joe Pacheco::4.0::June 17, 2013
R2XHMSAJD3TEEP::Works good.::Make sure it fits the height of the door your using.Loud enough to wake you up unless your a sleeping rock.Allows you time to react in defense of your family if intruders come in unannounced, well with this little product they'll be announced soon enough.::RL Smith::4.0::June 11, 2013
R28X1JU1WVM1PG::Nice alarm for worrisome people in sketchy areas::Reviewing this awesome GE Smart Home Door Stop Alarm for those that is worried about their safety when staying at a low budget hotel or sketchy area.  It works and the alarm is loud.  Check out my video review on Youtube for an indepth analysis.  Search for:  GE Smart Home Door Stop Alarm Review::Jay Rule::4.0::June 8, 2013
R3CLXYAOP8MXVI::Nice little alarms::This is a nice little alarm. It's very loud and the battery lasts a long time. A good deal for the money!::BeachBlissing "Beachblissing"::4.0::May 14, 2013
R1L7DG7NG1X3V0::Wedge narrow end is too high to activate alarm when door bottom is close to the floor::I travel once a week and stay in hotels about 60 nights a year. I bought this product several months ago.The problem is that more that 60% of the time, I found the base of the hotel room doors were too close to the floor for the compression plate to be pressed down to activate the alarm when the door was opened.  Be sure to test it in each new hotel room. I would suggest that you explore other alarms with a different activation method.::Sky guide "Skyguide"::2.0::May 11, 2013
R1MI7EP00BIWX8::Super Loud!::Perfect for apartments... and loud!  Super loud!  Love that you can travel with it too, just to give extra security.::B::5.0::April 18, 2013
RZY5IAXB643L3::Great for Singles::Living alone, these are great for a good nights sleep.  They make a truly loud alarm when pressed.  If it didn't totally scare an intruder away, it would give me plenty of heads up that a door had opened.::reprac::5.0::April 9, 2013
R5FVOA8DHC7PY::OK For The Price::The alarm mechanism works OK.  However, the item seems to be cheaply made.  The rubber pad on the bottom separated from the rest of the unit.  I had to glue it back on.  OK for the price.::Wade K. Morikone::3.0::April 1, 2013
RYCP3CFKYKIGQ::Door stop alarm::It is incredibly loud and annoying.Just what you want to keep the bad guys awayand you take the battery out when you don't need it.::Chuck Borzileri::5.0::March 29, 2013
R1S5SZBUWBEBHS::Safety::I purchased this for a friend and she was thrilled. Said she sleeps much better at night now and since all it requires is a battery, it is within her budget.::Lora W::5.0::February 1, 2013
R2LS2CV84QWGOA::GE 50246 Door Stop Alarm::We sold our home and moved into an an apartment in an independent living community. Here all the staff, service and housekeepers have master keys to all units. Doubtless, there are those who are no longer employed here who have had access to master keys. Recently, one of the 220 apartments was entered while the resident was sleeping, whether deliberate or accidentally we cannot know. I ordered one of the GE Door stop alarms and was impressed with its performance. Whether the alarm is on or not, the stop will prevent the door opening. I've just ordered 6 more units for other residents. Put me down as "sold."::Si Post::5.0::January 22, 2013
RBS57IBY1UMYF::Super Loud, better than the rest::I bought several types to check quality for prepping. This one is best by far, Swann was only ok, lower volume and build quality::Mike Fendt::5.0::January 22, 2013
R1FV61T1SGN4H4::Well..::It does what it says and really nothing more. Very simple, though it doesn't work very well when place on carpet.::James Keen "J.K"::4.0::January 14, 2013
R1Q1VBDMELAF57::alarm does not work, $9.00 door stop::Bought this for use in hotels.tried 3 different new batteries and the alarm does not work.  It's an effective door stop and for the price not worth returning.  But be aware, you can get an old style door wedge at the big discount houses for a couple of bucks.::L. K. Muller "hardcorefan"::2.0::January 6, 2013
R2O0PQ11JG9DY3::not the best purchase I ever made::Not the best purchase I ever made!  My home was broken into so I bought these to alert my neighbors.  They sound really loud in the house but cant hear it outside.  Dissappointed!::Becki Davis "kindle2lover"::1.0::January 5, 2013
R1Z2VO7RCLU0AX::Loud!::Tried opening my door with this alarm in place.  It was so loud my dogs went running from the room!! I highly recommend this alarm!::Ainokea "Customer"::5.0::January 4, 2013
R2ODVRCS4ZDWTC::This howls!!::I bought two of these for my home doors and for travel. This thing makes the loudest noise you can imagine, and stops the door if the noise doesn't scare away an intruder.::J.J. Hopscotch::5.0::December 27, 2012
R3E8UC1ZXBXPFQ::Door space below must be high::Wasn't able to use the 4-5 units I bought. My doors at home doesn't have much space below for this device to fit.The sound is loud though and the product finish is nice. Too bad I can't use it.::Cheftonio::2.0::December 4, 2012
R1MM411SVKZVIS::I'm legally deaf & can hear this.::I've always worried about traveling and not being able to hear. I only bought two, put batteries in and tested them. My neighbors a building down heard it. Both work great.  Where my daughter lives she doesn't have an alarm system.  I plan on buying more for her house. These are great little items.::ShoeHound::5.0::December 4, 2012
RYRAYD3NHDZ24::This is Simple and Works Well::This works real well. Too well if you forget it is there, which I did. It seems to do well even on smooth floors.::Scott::5.0::December 1, 2012
R3PUGHAAGVWUV5::Great!::I ordered this for a neighbor who is really paranoid about someone entering her home (despite the locked door) after she admired mine. She loves the alarm feature and feels more secure.::Kidada E. Williams::5.0::November 30, 2012
R2LD0JB6A9JDUN::Does the job!::This the third time i have purchased this door alarm.  It is simple, easy to use and maintain - just what I wanted!::OnceUponATime::5.0::October 24, 2012
R2PKI6QG7XNMPC::Works well, scares the dogs::I bought this for my mom since we've been having lots of thefts around town this summer, but as another reviewer noted, this may not fit under your patio door.  It didn't fit under hers, which is the kind that swings inward (doesn't slide).  Noise is quite piercing, and I'm glad it has an on-off switch.  The one thing I don't care for is the tiny screw that you have to unscrew to insert the battery.  When did this become the trend in electronics, having to find the right screwdriver just to insert a battery?  It's a pain.  I'm keeping it and will probably find a use for it at some point.  I'm not worried about thefts because I have 3 dogs, who also make noise that's quite piercing.::David Anderson::5.0::June 15, 2012
R29DPCCOD3G5LY::Handy to have on a trip::I bought this to take with me on a trip so I felt a little peace of mind as I slept. It was easy to travel with because of size.  So far I am happy with the item.....and thankfully it has not been in a real situation, but as I said, there is a little peace of mind.::Amazon Customer "JD"::5.0::May 18, 2012
R23Y0KLEE6VCCU::Perfect for my apartment!::I purchased this because our apartment doesn't have a chain lock and I wanted extra security.  The sound is loud enough and you can turn it off when not in use to save the battery.  Perfect for our needs!::S. Bridges "Super Shopper!"::5.0::November 20, 2011
R14HR8W0RS69BJ::Piece of mind::I bought this for a friend who lives alone and her back door is at the far end of her house. She said when tested this is loud enough that she could hear it in the other end of the house. It has brought her piece of mind knowing at night if someone tries to enter her home she will be alerted. She has it on laminate flooring and I suggested she place a carpet sample or mat under it but she said she does not have a problem with it on the floor as is. She also uses it in her hotel room when she travels. Will be purchasing more for other doors.::shopgirl::5.0::November 10, 2011
R1BPPRR2QZFBJK::door stop alarm::This alarm is great and very easy to use..I also take on out of town trips..The alarm is exceptionally loud which is exactly what is required in an alarm..make sure the battery is turned right so the back will close. very inexpensive and small..::sunnysett::5.0::October 25, 2011
RDWPBL0QEEDG2::Great! Ultra Portable and LOUD!::Bought this to use in our hotel room while we were on vacation. Works no matter which way the door goes. Bought it because we were taking my dad with dementia with us and we wanted to be alerted in case he got confused and tried to wander away during the night. Fortunately we didn't have to hear it go off during our vacation but I did test it out at home beforehand and holy crap its LOUD! Would probably wake up everyone on your floor in a hotel. I'm a pretty hard sleeper (as a child, I once slept through an earthquake!) but I'm pretty sure that I wouldn't ever sleep through this thing! It's also super light and portable, just toss it in your purse/luggage, no big deal.::Jen::5.0::September 30, 2011
R3CYB8FF0DDG08::Just what I wanted::This is a wonderful alarm, and exactly what I needed.  VERY loud, no problems hearing it, and I have a three level home.  Unfortunately my exterior doors open outward so I wasn't able to get it for them, but I do have a door from the basement to the main level and I've placed it there in case I didn't hear someone break into the basement during the middle of the night.  I didn't buy this to deter a thief, I bought it to give me the chance to wake up, get the 45 on the nightstand and dial 911.  As loud as it is, it will 'definitely' do the job.::CarolAnne::5.0::September 3, 2011
R3T5ACK9LA336P::Useful product::The stopper does hold to the floor and is sensitive to door pressure as expected.I was not sure if this would hold ground on tiles, but it worked!::Sudhin::4.0::April 2, 2011
R351X8XRE9O6DV::Decent home door stop.::I got this for extra security for my apartment, but this door stop alarm is more design for hotels. Its good because it runs on battery and portable, no problems carrying it with you on trips.Pros: solid and brand name.Cons: The switch in the back is little small.::T. Lee::4.0::March 23, 2011
R3NJD0XVZBK27N::STOP EM COLD::THIS IS A VERY INEXPENSIVE WAY TO PROTECT YOURSELF. SOME HAVE SAID THE DOOR WAS TOO HIGH AND IT DID NOT WORK. JUST GET SOME SHIMS FROM THE HARDWARE STORE TO BUILD IT UP. PUT A PIECE OF DUCT TAPE ON THE BOTTOM TO KEEP IT FROM SLIDING ON SMOOTH FLOORS. IT'S GREAT AT THE BEDROOM DOOR AND IN THE SUITCASE FOR TRAVEL::Dawn A. Wilson::5.0::October 6, 2010
R2IOMKYJJDTO2J::Door Stop Alarm::Very simple to use and very loud alarm..Great for the hotel/motel,apt. or home..Door stop seems to slide if set on tile or slick floor, but alarm will still go off.::Sire::4.0::September 30, 2010
R1ZMG3VTSU1JVM::WORKS GREAT! IT IS LOUD::I bought this product because I live by myself. I live on the upper floor and always worry about someone breakng in. This doorstop is very loud and I would be sure to hear it on the second floor. This would give me plenty of time to call 911 and it would scare them away. This is great for trips too. My daughter was impressed and I ordered her two along with my order of two more.::GeorgiaB::5.0::September 21, 2010
REYY2YDGPG8CM::Nothing bad to say::For this price, who can complain.  It's simple to use and quite effective.  Worked great on both my wood floors and laminate wood floors with no problem - both as a door stopper and as an alarm.  The alarm is piercing, which hopefully combined with the resistance from the door stop feature is enough to deter a break-in.  Just don't expect your neighbor in the next house to come running it's not loud enough to draw much attention 100 feet away.  Still, this is one of the best products I've ever bought and I would recommend it to anyone who cannot afford a professional or more sophisticated system.::stel::5.0::July 18, 2010
R1BG70IZLJKZ3V::Simple and Effective::I use one of these on a door that enters into my garage from the outside. Normally there would be no way for me to hear if someone was trying to break-in from that door but this little thing is so loud I can easily hear it from anywhere in my house. I also use glass-break detectors on some of my ground floor windows ever since I had some guys smash trough a double pane window in the back of my house trying to get in. I have a gun in the house so I use my alarms just to give me enough time to get my gun and call 911. I don't worry about people breaking in and stealing stuff when me and my family are not home all that can be replaced.::M. Mclane::5.0::May 10, 2010
R3QTJN8RWIKX72::Door Stop Alarm::Great product at a reasonable price! Although I bought the alarm primarily to take with me on trips when I stay in hotels and/or vacation condos, it also works well at home. All my primary entry/exit doors open onto polished travertine tile so the alarm slides and doesn't really act as a door stop, BUT it never fails to sound the alarm when a door is opened. Doesn't take much to trigger it...and that's good!::Jerry L. Coffey::5.0::May 9, 2010
RMRGZXXEA4MS1::My Take::For the price this gadget is great for any door that you would like to be alarmed. Easy to setup, super loud. I would recommend to anybody for a small piece of mind. It does slide on my hardwood floors but not a big deal for me.::Amazon Customer::4.0::May 4, 2010
R3AD7TQFRDR5GJ::Small but LOUD::I didn't think the unit was going to be that small. However, it does work well for me. It stops the door from opening, and it has a really loud alarm on it. It puts my window alarms to shame that's how loud it is. Overall i was very satisfied with the purchase.::F. Cores::4.0::January 20, 2010
R106B59TLQCQE7::Gives Me Peace of Mind!!!::I bought this because I sometimes have trouble sleeping at night while I'm home alone.  Having this at my door helps give me peace of mind that no one will come in without me knowing! The alarm is very loud and very easy to trigger so no one will open the door without you knowing it.  Great for home or travel.::C*Sally::5.0::October 23, 2009
R1ZSJK7BJMVIL8::works well for a simple warning::I bought this for my son who is newly married, living in an unsafe neighborhood, and afraid of someone entering his home.  This device gives him the ability to sleep at night.  As long as it is quiet, he knows no one is coming through the doors.  It is not meant to replace full house protection, but serves its purpose well.  I purchased two, and there was a slight problem with the battery connection on one which needed to be adjusted.::C. Smith::4.0::October 20, 2009
R1MUISDXNAZZ3V::Plenty loud!::This is a good one for wedging under the door when you are AT HOME, (or in your hotel room too, for it will travel easily with you) (oops, but do turn it OFF and maybe remove the batteries if you pack it).  You'll just want to remember to turn it off before you open your door to leave, or for guests.  This WILL startle the bad guy, get your attention, and your neighbor's attention also.::T. Ervin "much2learn"::5.0::September 12, 2009
R2SZ88KQW75UUS::Love them so much, I'm ordering more!::I bought these for my daughter to use in her apartment she's just moved into. Her bedroom is on the 2nd floor and we wanted something for her to put at the front and back door on the 1st floor to let her know if some one tried to break in. It might not stop someone but it would definitely startle them and perhaps convince them to leave before they were detected.Also, it would give her time to make sure her bedroom door was locked and call 911. I will be ordering some for myself for when I travel.::Southernstoryteller::5.0::August 17, 2009
R1JJXOTOWPUKWC::Great Product...::This is a great product.  It has a high percentage of discouraging any potential intruders since the alarm is quite loud and your door will go nowhere since it gets stuck on the door stopper....::Belle::5.0::August 1, 2009
R2AOV1576J2OEO::surprisingly loud::It does not fit under my door but the door engages it when the door is opened with its piercing alarm.::Joseph DeMarco::4.0::December 21, 2013
R2NB398YJHC8ON::Another cheap Chinese product goes out of the package and into the trash::One of these days I'll learn that anything manufactured in China has a very short life span.  In this case it was dead on arrival.  I inserted a brand new battery and pressed the lever down.  All I got was a very faint clicking noise.  It's too cheap to deal with returning.  Avoid this one.::compulsiveconsumer::1.0::March 17, 2013
R31W3VWTSR3NE7::great against home invaders,and stops babys from getting hurt::This door alarm is very loud and goes on when any opening door hits it! it would surely make the invaders leave. it takes a 9 volt battery. it gives you time to get your protection(gun-bat-sissors). its also great for children opening doors like basement doors and alerts you before something bad happens.. get it its a life saver!!!::buddaman1260 "buddaman1260"::5.0::January 10, 2011
R36H6IM69LUL5N::just not that useful in our home::We bought 5 and returned 4 b/c only one of our doors really works well with this alarm.That being said, the alarm is ear-splitting which, in this case, is a good thing!::Andi::3.0::September 25, 2010
R3HT8GBXY9LWCS::Works as it should and easy to use.::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9embeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9refresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9chiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9hiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9refresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so;	   


function cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9AMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.write("cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9flashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m12IDT0IGR4ZRD";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m12IDT0IGR4ZRD";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R3HT8GBXY9LWCS";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m12IDT0IGR4ZRD/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9duration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9duration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9newHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9resetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9newHeight(h);

  cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9so.write("cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9flashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9RollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9RollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81ItBXlaYqS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9preplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9preplayImageId');
if (cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9preplay) {
  cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9preplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81ItBXlaYqS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9preplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81ItBXlaYqS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9preplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9currentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9currentClick) {
      return cv_mo3SGDN3WT019W9currentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 1:34 MinsHere is a quick video on this product. Good product.::Todd::5.0::September 12, 2012
R6HMNVL2NIHT7::Unfortunate for me::I'm sure this item works great for some people, but my floor is simply too low relative to my door for it to create any leverage against the door. Therefore it does not work! On top of that, the rubber on the bottom of the device offers NO traction. Ugh.::D. Nguyen::1.0::June 15, 2009
R2N96MO6EREB2H::Defective! Or at least mine was...::I just purchased this and I think that one I received must be defective. I put a brand new 9 volt battery in it and when I switch it on and press the lever, it doesn't do anything. I'm going to return it and hopefully the replacement works? I don't see what I could be doing wrong. Installing the battery seems pretty simple.::Lauren Lillie::1.0::January 24, 2014
R34EP971T47B48::Well made security device.::Originally I purchased this for my daughter who has to travel.  I thought this might give her some feeling of security when staying in unfamiliar areas.  She liked it so well that I purchased one for my own use.This is not a small device. It is 6 inches long, 1 3/4 inches at its highest point and 1 1/2 inches wide.  It is not the size indicated on the web page under product dimensions.  It looks like the main photo and not like the picture in the description.  There is a bit of discrepancy between the measurements and appearance.  However, I do not think that it is a deal breaker.I feel this is a very well made product but do not think one should think it is strong enough to stop an intruder.  It is simply a deterrent.  This does not come with the required 9 volt battery.  The battery fits behind a screwed in cover.  There is a large friction mat on the bottom of the device to guard against slippage.  It has a small on/off switch to conserve battery life.  The 120 db alarm is really loud and would most likely scare someone away.Most products of this type are designed to make you feel better about your personal security.  For the economical price (now $2.00 less)it is certainly worth trying out.::IslandSandy::5.0::July 8, 2012
R1ZUU0LM3GDBC4::My ""Ghetto alarm system"::The title of this review came from my friends. This was their first reaction when i showed it to them in the office. It is low budget but it does what the description says it does. I bought this to put in the backdoor of my house. My husband is away on business and I hate being all alone. It is very loud and I have no doubt I'll hear it upstairs in my room. It is not an 'alarm system' so it can't call the cops for you if someone tries to break in but it will likely scare off anyone trying to break in.::E. Brisita::5.0::June 13, 2012
R3LPF4AIVBLRF5::Wow!::I had a scare where my apartment window blinds just fell down at 3am, had the scare of my life thinking some one broke in! I haven't been able to sleep in weeks so I bought this and another item for my window. Anyway, this Door Stop Alarm is WOW. Its VERY VERY loud and stops the door. With those in mind I felt safer and I was able to get a good nights sleep. I love this! plus, I'm going on a vacation in a few months and love that I can easily pack it and bring it along. A must buy.::Channy::5.0::January 24, 2011
RXFYNNRWTPG57::Love It::I use this when traveling and will not secure my hotel door nor feel safe unless this is at the doorstop area.  I sleep much better when I travel alone and have this to use.::Jenna "Jenna"::5.0::June 3, 2014
RMYIY8IBPJADI::Bought for a friend.::If you don't want someone to break into your house this is the product for you.  I bought this for my friend who lives in not sucvh a great part of town and when this alarm goes off it is so loud it could wake the dead.::Renee Mahlman::5.0::June 3, 2014
R1NRQREEP1R98W::Sweet!::I haven't really used this (since I already have all my doors and windows covered) - but I figure this would be a great alternative to setting the "home" alarm. If you have a second door that doesn't have an alarm this is a great extra perk (I got it as part of the GE Security bundle).::abigail::5.0::May 31, 2014
RL9ABJRQV1P2L::This product works great,Money well spent!::I used this door stop alarm while i visited Vietnam and it works perfectly. THE ALARM VOLUME IS PLENTY LOUD TO WAKE EVEN THE MOST SOUND SLEEPER. And i certainly slept sounder knowing that i was using this alarm. It also prevented my inlaws from coming in and suprising my wife and myself while we were getting changed.::brian w frey::5.0::May 21, 2014
R2446FJY4D75GS::Excellent choice::This is a brilliant idea for a product and it works very well. The alarm is a loud, high-pitched screech that seems like it would warn off an intruder. (Also, the battery lasts a long time.)  The wedge is very effective on both carpet and tile. I have one for every door.::Clay W.::5.0::May 21, 2014
R35P89P8F73HDE::Awesome::This alarm is extremely loud and a great item for any home. I love the one I have got and have plans on getting a couple of more. It will wake up any sleeper even the hardest sleepers.::Selena Orr::5.0::May 20, 2014
R2YHFGICGJ4EGN::Good product::As described. Seems to work on a new door not hooked up yet to my alarm system.  It sure screams when tne door is pushed & if a burglar hears that he's going to run Fast so I recommend this for an alternative measure, not for home security::JOANNA NASON::5.0::May 17, 2014
R2WCJX8E73SQIC::Seems good for delay and alert::Plastic and metal is very dinky (which makes it light for travel purposes)...could probably bend the metal with my hand...so it might crack and not hold the door if a door is repeatedly rammed...but at the least it'll provide a good delay and alarm.::Book Nut::4.0::May 17, 2014
R1YE0YR19Q8AXI::Good price::We bought it with a big discount.  It functions well and it is a very cheap investment for basic home security.::Shih-Jon Wang::4.0::May 16, 2014
R3KRXOI3QKEOHO::So so::Great idea for an alarm, but the construction is cheap and comes apart after a few uses.If it's working it'll let you know the moment a door is being opened.::OR::3.0::May 14, 2014
R1U7O1BWRO5EH6::Door Jam Alarm::These work great.  I bought three and all have been tested **LOUD** so will make you jump if you forget to pull out or turn off before you open the door.  These will scare you dog and cats so take that into consideration.::Engelands::5.0::May 2, 2014
R2POULCE379IJZ::Safety First::I travel alot and wanted a device to give me some sense of security at hotel.  It is really loud for  a small device.  So, should someone attempt to open the door at hotel - this will definately scare the crap out of them!  Better to have it and not need it - than need it and not have it!!::JLJ::5.0::May 2, 2014
R25SER241D4LBS::SUPER LOUD....::But that is what it is for! This will make anyone jump once this goes off. I have it but do not use it because it scared my pet. Instead I opted for a door chime. However, I kept this incase I should need it. very very very loud!::A Confidential::4.0::April 22, 2014
R357BS4DR6IA7X::Happy with the product::Bought these due to me having a 1 year old running around the house. I put this at my basement door as a double precaution and the sound is loud enough kind of like a fire alarm::kerri-ann::3.0::April 17, 2014
R1LOP1E2L389FO::It will do what you want it to do::Yep, it's very loud, even painfully so, meaning not only will it prevent a door from opening widely, it will almost certainly cause the unwanted opener(s) to vacate the scene with great urgency, as well as awaken anyone sleeping in adjacent areas.::Yessong "alankk"::5.0::April 15, 2014
R3IIQB0IED2D34::This is so loud and makes us feel so safe::my daughter is so worried about someone breaking into our house. I bought a window alarm for her room and this for our front door. it works great and I plan to bring it when we travel.::Happyness is a warm gun::5.0::April 3, 2014
R2N50TDWF64H1P::Works on carpet, but if you have wooden floors, might as well forget about it::On carpet, it works perfectly. While i doubt that it's actually 120db, it IS quite loud. If you have wooden floors though, forget about it. This wouldn't work. It just keeps sliding.::Desmond::3.0::April 2, 2014
R2H5JCUJBFFD1B::love it!!!!::I love this system for the price I paid for everything to cover all my door & windows is what a monthly subscription would have cost me and I am not locked into a 1-3 year contract either. When I tested this system when I got it the noise is so loud & piercing that it gave me an instant headache so I was like, "yes it works". This is one of the best purchases I have ever made!!!::CC::5.0::March 27, 2014
R12Q2VIG2I3ZNN::Too large to fit under door::This item was too large to fit under doors; not even close.  Return postage will cost more than product so will donate to our local charity.::Jay::2.0::March 24, 2014
R1XL387UPY96E4::WORKS!::Bought this for when I go to hotels for travel. I was staying in a hotel in St. Louis last year and met another guest at the elevator. Apparently, even with the chain lock, her room had been broken into while she was sleeping! Bought this, put a battery in it and this puppy is LOUD. So far, the only time it's gone off is when I tested it! I'm sure if someone tried to break into a room I was staying in -  it would scare everyone in a mile radius! Nice peace of mind. The only thing I didn't really like is that you have to have a very small phillips head screw driver to remove the back so you can place the battery.::K. M. Kramer::5.0::March 21, 2014
RP6B9TL4S1820::Piece of Junk::Don't waste your money on this one. It is cheesy and would not stop anyone. I am not even sure it would hold up to a door opening up on it. It was returned to the seller::lschap::2.0::March 13, 2014
RVNY68XIMNA75::Pretty good travel security::I use this along with a Door Jammer / Portable Door Security Device when I travel. I use them both on the room door if there is only one door for the room. However, frequently when I travel I get a suite, and for the inner door for the bedroom, I put this doorstop/alarm, while I use the door jammer on the actual door to the suite.The door stop/alarm is very loud, and will easily wake you up, and will likely scare off a burglar (you're rolling the dice on whether it would scare of a criminal intent on something other than robbery/burglary, though).The door stop/alarm uses a 9 volt battery (not included), and requires a SMALL Phillips head screwdriver to install the battery. I would advise you to just go ahead and pack the screwdriver along with the unit, as I tend to unhook the battery and flip it around when I don't intend to use it (such as when I am packing it into the suitcase) -- thus preventing accidental alarm sounding during transit.To use the unit, once the battery is installed, simply flip the switch to armed, and then press the device under the door so that it is in contact with the door. When I set it, I am usually traveling alone for business, so I KNOW that nobody should be in that room but myself, so I wedge the thing under the door as far as it can go, without it actually setting off the alarm. It has a rubber bottom, and it has a little bit of heft to it, but on linoleum or tile or wood, I would be worried about the device catching properly and thus activating the alarm. Hence my wedging it under the door as far as it will go, so that it is basically on a hair trigger.Final note, if there is a large gap under the door you want to use this on, it would be trivial for anyone but the dumbest/drunkest of thieves/burglars to see the device and push it carefully away from the door without triggering the alarm. So, you should have a backup plan with you in case the door you need to use this on has too high of a gap.4 stars.::R. McAdams::4.0::March 11, 2014
R1M068R6N3HTZ::Works great for apartment!::We just recently moved into a townhome and no longer could hear the front door since we are renting we cannot install a security system and living in San Antonio that is something that is good to have. This product works like a charm it is loud and we can clearly hear it upstairs. It is easy to set up, the only negative is with tile floors it slides we just put it under the rug and it doesn't move. Great buy!::jlundin::5.0::March 6, 2014
R3JIKHOX7EXR8L::Sensitive and loud!::Easy to use--just slip the leading edge under the door and turn on the switch. It's quite sensitive to pressure and emits an ear-splitting warble that should awaken all but the soundest or deafest sleeper if an intruder attempts to open the door. I've been using our two for 9 months and the batteries are not yet low.::Bill Hedden::5.0::March 5, 2014
R2G2AJTF8NZA87::Simple to Use.::It is simple and easy to install/un-install.  Fortunately, we haven't had it activated yet and hope that we don't.  Good choice.::Lonesome George, RIP::5.0::March 2, 2014
RWPGZ8UJY3HV7::An alarm, but not a door stop::If used as directed, this emits a very loud distinct squealing alarm that will definitely alert or awaken you if the door is opened upon it.  However, I very much doubt the plastic that it's made of would keep a determined intruder from being able to force the door open.  I think I'd ultimately prefer the latter, but I think you could make this device of materials that would create both an alarm and an insurmountable obstacle at the same time.  The only reason I haven't returned it is because the time it would take me isn't worth the cost of the device.::Mark T.::2.0::February 26, 2014
R37FG9CTP2KKXS::Excellent Product::I like it very much.  It is not foolproof, but I did not expect it to be.  It is very easy to use.::Joyce K.::5.0::February 17, 2014
R5S97ZYRJOIR2::A Little Peace of Mind::It does exactly what it was advertised to do and it is easy to use. Very happy with its operation.::Easy Does It::5.0::February 12, 2014
R3JQGRDPSLT2YV::Used these for motels and they work great to alert you::Need privacy? You need one of these bad boys. Set them right underneath the door and bam, when ever someone opens that door they will hear a screach so loud it's almost painful lol.Good for those situations where perhaps you're a heavy sleeper and a home intruder breaks in through the door. It would definitely scare them off.Only thing that sucks is it doesn't have any type of battery notification to let you know to "replace it."Other than that, very good for the purchase. You can put them anywhere. I got one on my front door and back door at my home for safety reasons.Crooks wanna break into my home they'll be scared of that loud alarm the first second they hear it!::Alan Toaca::5.0::February 8, 2014
R1MJM0BY40SJ1V::Well Worth the Money!::This was my first purchase of the Smart Home Door Alarm.  It's super easy to set up and work even better than I expected.  The alarm is very loud to help scare off bad guys.  Well worth the money!::PeteW::5.0::February 1, 2014
RP4MUGTUBO1FB::Slides  on floor.::The aarm part works ok but it slides on the floor when you open the door so never sets the alarm part off::Jingle83::2.0::January 29, 2014
R4S7U48H5CE0A::smart home door alarm::really like this door alarm this was what i was looking for it works great this was a great deal i think::JAMES PAYNE::5.0::January 29, 2014
R2BG3RQ8NNJ1LS::Loud::Easy to use ....Very loud , Great for basement door or back door .....Yes, you could break it ...If someone kicks the door , it will not stop them ...but it will sound off and let you know::john101::5.0::January 28, 2014
R18BDA66IKZJJR::Definitely loud!::I haven't had a chance to actually use this yet, since it hasn't worked with any of the doors, but I've tested it and it is certainly loud and certainly works. I'm hoping to be able to use it with the rest of my travels (alone in India). It'll help me feel safer and sleep at night, which is really what you're buying with this, I think. Worth the few dollars.::RWK::4.0::January 28, 2014
R2ERZ16ISKBW3J::This alarm works exactly as promoted.::If you are looking for an alarm to scare intruders away, you won't be disappointed with this alarm. Simple and effective. Loud, loud, loud!::Rocko211::5.0::December 5, 2013
R3E45RGDZIO71B::Great sense of security::There are some rooms that do not have dead bolts or security latches and this gave us a sense of security.  Small enough to tuck into luggage with a loud alarm.  I would recommend this for frequent travelers.::MONICA MARSHALL::5.0::December 2, 2013
R2EZ292HVYWTIB::Good Item::Great item works well but I noticed on hard floors can slide. I will purchase more for my kids when they travel.::Daniel Dickerson::4.0::December 2, 2013
R22Y2Q3VCTIQEB::door wedge plus::I have not subjected this wedge alarm to many "tests" but so far it has performed very well. It effectively blocks a door from opening and the alarm is loud enough to hear even from upstairs. This would be great for use at a hotel/motel to block the door.We use these in our home without worrying they will fail.Good security product!::jabef::4.0::December 2, 2013
R17KMQBK4ZV4EQ::Good travel alarm.::We take this when we travel and also have one at our vacation home.  It holds a 9 volt battery and the alarm is quit loud.  Should alert us if there is an intruder.::NC GG::5.0::November 28, 2013
R1KNI9DMXSZJCO::Cheap::Doesn't work on all doors. Cheap and flimsy made in China crap.  Don't waste your money. For peace of mind spend a little more money and buy the Buddy Bar.::chris richter::2.0::November 26, 2013
R1IGFFS4HDT5V7::Great product for the elderly who are hard of hearing  LOVE IT!!!::I bought this for my elderly in-laws that live in a rural area. They are hard of hearing and were afraid someone would come in on them during the night.  The sound is so loud and ear-piercing that they both can hear it.  It's hard to imagine anyone NOT hearing it.  My mother-in-law said she even sleeps better knowing if someone broke in their home, they would at least know it and have time to respond. She kidded me and said, "it's a good thing we don't live near a cemetery"  LOL  GE hit another home run!::Sparkles1539::5.0::November 25, 2013
RUNYCF5ALZCQD::Love It::It's exactly what I need and does the job.  Gives me that sense of security that I was really wanting.::greendahlias::5.0::October 30, 2013
R2GEMLQOB0MHP8::Product is fine, but...::I bought this door stop alarm to provide an element of security on a recent trip through Eastern Europe, where we were renting privately owned apartments in almost all the cities we visited. Not having the notional security of established hotels, this seemed like a good way to scare off any "casual" intruders. What I didn't count on was that the exterior doors on nearly half of the places we stayed opened to the outside, making the doorstop irrelevant. Fortunately, my concern about security turned out to be a non-issue.The doorstop itself works great though. Really easy to set to "on" and place at the door. The alarm is really loud and piercing, so I have no doubt that all but the most determined intruders would be scared off immediately upon setting it off.One thing I recommend: if you pack this in checked luggage, disconnect the battery first. I can only imagine the excitement that would be caused if jostling of your bag were to set it off!::R. Stover::4.0::October 19, 2013
R3BJ3B8PPFUI3Y::awesome::picked up these to be used with a buddy bar door jammer which is a solid steel door bar. If in the worst case scenario these alarms are very loud and will wake someone in the apartment complex to alert the authorities during a break in.  Im very impressed.::Reece Ramsey::5.0::October 18, 2013
R1BZVH3SBEZTEV::Easy to use and will make you jump when the alarm goes off.::Very loud and works well.  So easy to use and you can move it to anywhere you choose to.  Works Great - Great Price!::Elaine Weir::5.0::October 9, 2013
R3XKT4TP4FMNM::Amazing!!::This products works beyond my expectations. The alarm level is piercing, the sound is not so harsh and on a scale from 1- 10 I would rate it a 9.::KriticalKustomer::5.0::October 3, 2013
R3749A64FQMBNA::Love it!::This is a very practical product. Its functional and easy to use. I feel very secure with it.I recomended it.::ULA::5.0::October 3, 2013
R1KGCH42YG8MB9::Door Alarm::Works great it is very loud great deterrent.  Will be purchasing another shortly.  I need to add to more text so the survey completes.::RICH MEYERS::5.0::October 2, 2013
R37IRISZYIN834::Works well::Good product.  Bought it for my mom that lived some time alone in a big house.  Felt safe, and knew that the front door would make noise if anything.::who cares::5.0::September 21, 2013
R2I5LA3I2MKROM::works great::VERY VERY loud - what you want. A little more expensive than some of the others out there. Bought several for my kid at college.::Can fan "hooked on cans"::5.0::September 17, 2013
R84SPNJPQXRMR::Works great!::Very easy to use !  Doesn't slide on our hardwood floor by the front door because of the rubber bottom.  I bought two--one for the back french doors and one for the front door.  If you area a sound sleeper this will definitely wake you and give you at least 5 to 10 second jump on anyone trying to enter your home. I highly recommend this.  Very inexpensive too.::Karen F. West::5.0::September 15, 2013
R1JZNRC2HARMIZ::Door Stop Alarm::It is very lightweight and moves too easily, also does not fit under my front door, which is very close to my carpet.::sanka::3.0::September 8, 2013
RIMMY9YMA5XYJ::Louder than most::Bought this for my elderly grandmother with a hearing loss.  She can hear it in her bedroom when it's at the front door.  Sounds like a real wired alarm.::olemissus::4.0::September 8, 2013
R13T44U07TJGKQ::Loud and attracts attention::I have this bad boy set up at my front door and every time we accidentally sound it off...neighbors look out their window to see what's going on. Good stuff!::Lovely Nguyen::5.0::September 7, 2013
R3QA139KLP4OQC::overkill, but momma's happy::our daughter moved to a dorm room this fall.  Even though it's protected with a swipe card to get  in, then get up the elevator to her floor, then get onto her floor....lol....this device still made momma happy when we put it in her dorm room.it is VERY loud - we tried it - and daughter may not use it, but at least she has it.::solocanoe::5.0::September 5, 2013
R297AZRH0JOP47::Great little device::Great little product, works well. Initially bought 3 units, 1 for my Grandaughter for her new apartment, not knowing who would have keys for the new apartment.  1 for my Son and his wife, for Hotel rooms when they travel.  1 for myself, for use at Hotels and around the House, for various situations.  Easily adaptable for various uses, with a little imagination.  I plan to purchase at least 2 or 3 more for gifts.Old Joe::Joe Iozzo::5.0::September 4, 2013
R2O4IWIU6BWJ54::Door Alarm::It does what it says for the price. Satisfied with this product. I recommend this item to anyone who need extra security.::Jacquelyn Curry::4.0::September 2, 2013
R27X0A126C0N4K::Good Portable Security Product::The name says it all. The design is a wedge made to go under the door frame that emits a fairly loud noise when the door is opened. Portable, economical security for your home.::RLE::4.0::August 29, 2013
R5Q5WIF2ISQKF::Works great!!::I found that this product works perfectly for apartments and also in a car if you have children. Sometimes the horn is too far away if they are in the backseat. They can just press the metal and the alarm will sound. Priced just right. Cheaper than an alarm system and/or a dog.::familyfun::5.0::August 27, 2013
R2Y3YILB00VYR7::Good safety feature::I recommend this for singles who want security in knowing when their door has been opened.  It performs in an outstanding manner.::gloria spencer::4.0::August 22, 2013
RD021X3ICCENO::Door stop alarm::They certainly are LOUD, my goodness!!!  They DO slip on carpet though, however, the alarm is still triggered with the slightest push, so hopefully if there ever is an intruder, at least I will hear it  : )::bbrown::5.0::August 17, 2013
R2L7ERKS3X65VU::Nice::I really recommend to buy this product when I got it and try it's works very well, I put it down from the door and open the door , it makes a loud noise to warning me someone may open the door. And product is convenient to bring it to go travel cause is not too big and heavy. So, it's very useful.::Cristina::5.0::August 15, 2013
RIE09LKLF90S7::GE Smart Home Door Stop Alarm::I purchased two of these alarms. One for my daughter who is heading off to college for a senior parent with a hearing loss.  This product is excellent and the loud siren that emits from this small item is MAGNIFICENT!  It will definitely scare the crap out of an intruder.::Clearlyspeaking::5.0::August 9, 2013
R9UWM922O0ZK1::Works just like it should!::Works just like it should. Be prepared for the ear piercing alarm it emits. Should scare anyone or anything away.::Amy Persons::5.0::August 3, 2013
R2Q8SZGTADLGIU::Simply a good idea::I own two of these now and plan to purchase more.  Even without the alarm, they hold so firmly on my tile floor that an intruder would literally need to break the door to get in.  The alarm is so loud that all but the most determined would likely turn around and leave immediately.  I plan to purchase more and to take one with me when I travel to use on hotel doors.::sartx::5.0::August 1, 2013
R38B0RC61AB48Z::loud!::Does the job fairly well. It does slip a little on wood floors- but I put a little sticky on the bottom and it stops that. Pretty darn loud. I'd definitely use it for hotel rooms and whatnot.::BREA::4.0::July 31, 2013
R1BZTVTX7TM2XE::Exra protection::This is a great item for travel, especially if you are female and travel alone.  Put it at the door while in the shower and when you sleep.  Just a little extra precaution, like chicken soup, it couldn't hurt.::Hope Mendoza "Mendoza"::5.0::July 30, 2013
RRIG5HLBG8TNU::Good investment::I use this at home and when I travel.  It goes under the door and the high pitched beep that comes out when it's triggered is very loud.::LisaLou9::5.0::July 30, 2013
R23HPSME2FV0ZE::Worked as advertised::This is an affordable, portable compact product that works for travel or home to deter anyone that wants to enter your room.::Monica::5.0::July 28, 2013
RFB6DMT83HYQ2::Works well::Works well as an alarm and a to make access to the room more difficult.  Great product and works as advertised.::Brenda::5.0::July 25, 2013
R223JDPONFUW90::Alarm::I was very pleased and it will wake you up from a deep sleep.  It is easy to set and I don't think someone could disarm it before it would go off.  It could but you would have to know it was there  or see the tip of it as it slides under the door.::MJA::4.0::May 8, 2013
R2OU2ZGX76T2YU::Just what I need::Just what I need perfect as I buy these a donate them for a good security cause. I also use this item in my talks::Richard Spivey::5.0::May 3, 2013
R34MI9IIF09DQ2::Works Great!::Loud as HELL and really jams my front door nicely.  I would recommend for use with homes with toddlers as well.::Nadeem::5.0::May 2, 2013
R21HB9ICPO5W4R::No directions included?::It appears that the battery is included although it doesn't say for certain.  The product is out of the package, but I can't get it to work.  There are no instructions so I'm not sure if there is anything further that I need to do.  For GE, I'm surprised that the package didn't have something regarding instructions and how to change the battery when needed.  If it doesn't become clear as to why I can't get it to sound off, then I'll be returning it.::Margrit L. Hobbs "meg hobbs"::3.0::April 23, 2013
R8OXQ7S7T6A6P::Door Stop Alarm::This is a great product that provides ample security for apartment living.  The alarm is loud and only requires a 9-volt battery.  I recommend this to anyone needing an alarm for an apartment or any remote travel locations.  The item was shipped and arrived asap.  I am very pleased!  Thank you!::Tracey L. Baker::5.0::April 19, 2013
R16LGUFNB6M1HJ::great alarm::Gone many weekends, so it's nice to have a little extra security.  It scared the crap out of me a few weeks ago when I forgot about it!::CO Guy::5.0::April 17, 2013
R1Z1C51J5FICY9::Better Than Advertised::Bought a couple of these 3 months ago.  Could not ask for more.  They work perfectly as described.  Just use common sense to get full effect.  I read one review that says it did not work on carpet--Mine does.  No problems.::James (jimbo) Jones::5.0::April 13, 2013
R3EKSKY9UYYM9C::Awesome!::This is a wonderful product! After living in my own home for 28 years I have moved to an apartment. Having this door alarm makes me feel so much better. Yes.....it is very loud. I'm pleased!::Marsha::5.0::April 3, 2013
RMUU4PY5ZLI43::Just Right to Signal Door Opening for Wandering::I have used it two nights so far, and the alarm has a loud sound. Hopefully it will not be activated by a spontaneous door opening. It is portable, can go on trips, or removed when not needed, which is elegant.::Len Adler::4.0::March 31, 2013
R1B2WDEYOO4SZE::Home Door Alarms::The door alarms were a perfect fit to my need.  I am very satisfied and have recommended them to a friend.::Frederick David Stump::5.0::March 28, 2013
RUUZKPVUJ4Z26::Barely Adequate::The concept is a very good one, and the sound of the alarm is a real attention-getter.  The major drawback is the lack of a good grip on the base, which can result in the alarm simply sliding over the floor instead of activating.  A little homemade modification can compensate for this shortfall, but the manufacturer should have addressed this prior to distribution.::Ol' Sheriff::3.0::March 25, 2013
R2SPKKHUGSK9ZL::Good door stopper::This is a good door stopper for us, it serves as a backup to our security system, it is loud if someone just push open the door against it, and it jammed the door from opening. good security system.::ACW1120::5.0::March 17, 2013
R2A8OB34DUQFC::LOUD!!!::This little guy is LOUD, and grips the floor very well. Does't slip all around, and has a nice on/off feature so you dont accidently bump it during the day.::Kfizzy::5.0::March 13, 2013
R20SSGNUPXEXNG::THE HORN IS BLOWING HA! HA!::This is a great tool for multiple doors and for travel at various hotels. Simply put, inn keeper sometime enter without your awareness, this cures that problem.::Monsi L'Ggrke::5.0::March 11, 2013
R38WEFM1KM99C5::Simple and effective.::If it doesn't scare away the loser thief trying to break into your home from its ear piercing sound, it will give you enough time (from both the sound and doorstop features) to prepare yourself for someone to break into your house/apt. If the coward breaking in is stupid enough to not only keep coming in after hearing the wail from this thing AND push it hard enough to break past the doorstop feature, they probably deserve whats at the end of that barrel pointing at them.::A. Dawson "ExPhys"::5.0::March 11, 2013
RJFZ8KUF8XHXM::Great simple product::I had low expectations for this but it is great.  It works basically anywhere, never malfunctions, and has a piercing siren that would wake the dead.  My wife uses it for travel and when she is home alone and it really gives her a sense of security.  Awesome.::Jeff::5.0::March 11, 2013
R192FGJLNKP5UV::Affordable home security::Easy to set and dependable security product.  We intend to take one with us when we go on vacation to use at the resort.::Linda I. Lawrence::5.0::March 10, 2013
R3N5TNLNSGR3I3::Great door alarm,::However, I had problems with the jam working because of the substance of my floor.The alarm sound is loud and works great, just make sure the door jam is not on carpet, it will set the alarm of but will not jam the door.Bought a few and will buy more.::will::4.0::March 9, 2013
RLCYFH6KKLIY6::Works as described::Works as described.  Loud enough for anywhere inside your home.  I agree if you take it on a plane to remove the battery.  That means carrying one of those little eyeglass screwdrivers.::Paul F Martin::3.0::March 9, 2013
RAR1T057AB1YJ::Perfect Product for the need::My house got broken into about a year ago, this provided an excellent addition to security as the only logical place in my house to break in was the back door. Now we have a steel door with this little baby waiting for an intruder. This, with some other inexpensive security options seems to be a perfect fit. The low light indicator for the battery is a great idea, would have been one of my few critiques of a product like this, but its there, so it is great. Haven't had a break in yet, so this little guy has been tested.::Artemiderus::5.0::March 1, 2013
R35RYLED6A9EIP::Works well::I have this downstairs in my town-home and have NO problem hearing the alarm on the 3rd floor. The reason I didn't give 5 stars is the rubber bottom doesn't hold very well. But other then that it is a great product.::Debra G. Cowen::4.0::February 28, 2013
R1083Z1UC2WD5P::Loud::It is loud, you wouldn't sleep through it.  Can use for doors or windows.  What's not to like and the price is excellent.::Fredddd::5.0::February 26, 2013
R2GYXBZ3VEB16D::Great product for the size and price!::Having egress windows in the basement and sleeping up in the 2nd story, who would know if someone broke in our house in the middle of the night, until it was too late.  We place this inside the door leading up to the first floor.  I rest easier at night knowing I will definitely hear the alarm if someone tries to open the basement door.  Note:  Make sure you take out all 3 screws on the underneath side to get to the battery compartment.::Edward::5.0::February 24, 2013
R29BCGIXPJURNM::Very good, loud alarm::Very good, does what it said. I would not trade this for anything else. Simple, loud and very much sturdy.::Judith Bogya Rad::5.0::February 24, 2013
R14DUHHPW8KY9G::Extra security::Purchased this as an added security to our garage side door.  It's definitely a deterrent and don't expect to stop anyone from kicking a door in but the alarm will make the intruder think twice...or most importantly, warn us that someone has tried to enter.  A cheap little insurance that everyone should have.::YohiSam::5.0::February 24, 2013
R31PB94753Y2O8::Door Stop::This certainly will get everyone's attention if it goes off - so it suits the purpose of being an alarm!!  As referenced in other reviews, you will need to place something behind the device so that it doesn't just slide on the floor when the door is opened.::PW::4.0::February 17, 2013
RZ443S6H4VRDL::door stopper::This was excellent. The price was great, I had checked at Target and osh and walmart and the door stoppers there were more expensive and not as good.::Mary Hartley::5.0::February 10, 2013
RSQDXPRQTTDGE::Good Buy!::Highly recommend this product!No one will ever get a door opened without you hearing the siren...It should also come as a big loud surprise to an intruder...::Ginny St.Clair::5.0::February 6, 2013
R3S6UQV8IM2GQF::just as adverstised::You cannot open a door and not set this off. It does slide with the door on a smooth floor but still keeps ringing.::Herbert Straub "HMS417"::5.0::February 4, 2013
R3MIIRGZY3KTO6::Fit the bill::I purchased this for my father, who often travels to Central and South America for business. He's had issues with people trying to enter his hotel room in the middle of the night while he's soundly sleeping. The alarm is incredibly loud when activated, the design small enough to easily pack for travelling, and overall it seems sturdy. This is a great precautionary tool for home or travelling!::be SW6::5.0::January 31, 2013
RKKQCE1TELF5U::love it::ge 50246 smart home door stop alarmwe love it, works exactly as stated provides security with a loud alarm::Joanna Mihalick::5.0::January 19, 2013
R67KD8P671IGQ::Simple but effective::I wanted something to alert me and startle the intruder. This seems to do the trick. Cost effective too. Good luck::Ricardo F. Griffin::5.0::January 14, 2013
R2NN8VMFW9519K::Works Great::We got these for an apartment as added security.  My daughter says its works well and she is glad to have them.::PurpleGoldMom::5.0::January 13, 2013
R1LB2MF7M66L3D::It works!::This is an incredibly loud alarm - it has worked great for my apartment and hotel rooms overseas. Quite effective!::Trippychick::4.0::January 11, 2013
RYDK1Y8E8HWCN::Additional Security::I chose this product because I needed additional assurance about one of the doors in my home. This unit is discrete and super easy to use.  If the door does open onto the door stop, the alarm is ear-piercing.  It's definitely loud enough for a wake-up, and I believe it would even trigger my glass-break alarms.  Inexpensive and good investment.::Brenda::5.0::January 11, 2013
R25K6W4BXZM4X7::Does the job.::Simple gadget that gets the job done. Very loud. It's a cheap, very effective security devise. I would urge anyone to buy one.::G. Wheatley::5.0::January 9, 2013
R35IQ9O7GKW2LY::Very Satisfied::I am very satisfied with this.It works, it is loud. The only thing is that I had to go out and buy a 9V battery :).::T. K. kim "Mixitup2006"::4.0::January 7, 2013
R2CMWE30EP724X::Simple & LOUD!::This is a great little device for apartment living.  Very simple design, and a very good solution to doors.  It just gives us that little additional peace of mind.::Todd::5.0::January 6, 2013
R281VK1MB1UYKE::Great gift for a traveler::This is a great gift for a traveler. Do you trust your neighbor, hotel security, foreign police? If not, this is a loud deterrent to crime. Seems to work fine on carpet::J. Ballinger::5.0::January 5, 2013
RIYTA338843E8::meh.::I ordered 2 and one stopped working right away.  The one that does work still works though, so 50% of the time they meet expectations.::W. R. Thorne::3.0::December 27, 2012
R2W3GU4F1Z90CQ::Smart Home Door Stop Alarm::Can't ever have too much protection from the thieves. This would alert you if your door is opened in the middle of the night.::jim burdette::5.0::December 24, 2012
R301M0PGY5D72S::Great for the price::I'm glad I got this product, it really works. I bought it for my back door but I was so pleased that I just ordered more. I traveled a lot for work so this alarm will be great for the hotel room.::Classic1::5.0::December 21, 2012
RVCCBQ5EHHC1F::Really loud!::This is way louder than I thought it would be, but that is a good thing! Definitely makes me feel safer when I have them in place at night! great for traveling as well.::Amazon Customer::5.0::December 10, 2012
RGVVNNUW9503S::Well...::I am not sure why I ordered this.  It is not very practical.  But, you know what, I am still convinced I will find a good use for them...::Hispanam::3.0::November 27, 2012
R3HCU9TTUT5YWY::Efficient::It's nothing fancy, but it does the job for an alarm. Works well on our carpet, though I have to crate the dog before turning it on. I haven't used it as a doorstop because I'd like to avoid breaking off the metal piece, but it's a great option if you rent and don't want to add locks or latches to basement/garage doors.::jso::4.0::September 28, 2012
R52XLVM3F83ZN::Alarmingly Effective::GE 50246 Smart Home Door Stop Alarm - This alarm works extremely well. We purchased a few of them and gave one to my friend's hearing-impaired mom to use, and she loves its unmistakable piercing shriek which she can easily hear.  A real potential life-saver!::dy-no-might::5.0::August 31, 2012
R2EB7YSW5XGHSS::works great::This door stop alarm is very loud and worked on carpet and hard floors.  It takes one 9 volt battery.  It also stops the door from opening all the way which could buy a little additional time.::Dot::5.0::August 8, 2012
R25RD79KN2FA8V::Very Very Loud::This item is not going to stop a 250lb guy from trying to break your door down. What it will do is alert you when someone has broken into your home and opened your door. The alarm is very loud and will scare the cr@p out of you when you first test it out. My in laws recently had someone try to get into their back yard (broken/bent gate), and may have broken into their house, had they been successful. I got this item as a feel good product along with GE door and window alarm set GE 51107 Smart Home Wireless Alarm System Kit. These items are not a true alarm system, but they allow you enough time to call 911, get your gun, bat, knife, pepper spray, etc... For a non-career criminal, the loud noise and the attention it brings is enough to scare them away. This is also perfect for frequent travelers or coed college dorms.I had no issues with clearance on the 3 doors I installed them on and I am going to order another for their side garage door.::Yes Me::5.0::July 14, 2012
R1TMURERRBMLAG::Great Idea - and it works!!::Wow, it's cheap and works great. I was surprised how loud it was, OMG, that will definately scare someone. I like the idea that once the door closes or stops touching it the sound stops. Great to bring traveling. This is a great cheap present for family, etc. And the quality seems good. Seems to be made well. Everyone I've showed so far wants to buy one. Under $10....amazing::Smile!!::5.0::July 3, 2012
R2W5TG56CV96CN::No tipToe::I recently purchased 5 of these door stoppers I use them at night they do alert me when my teenager is creeping in after curfew. I have also used these during vacations I have never had a problem with any of my door stoppers. I even gave two to my sister as a gift.::Purple::5.0::May 12, 2012
R3F8IDSZ8F6ANA::Awesome product::Easy to use. No assembly required. Does exactly what it says it will do. Has a really loud, annoying sound, so it does the job!::Ginny B::5.0::May 7, 2012
R140UTEC2X6ITP::Good alarm for the price::I love having this as an extra piece of security. It has a really loud sound and I'm sure if anyone tried to force the door open they would get scared and hopefully take off.::Karmi::5.0::April 22, 2012
R1Z1ZISHUU5Y6W::Door Stop Alarm::This is a nice little gadget.  It'll let you know loud and that a door has come open whether it's the wind, an intruder or small children.  It does exactly what it's supposed to do.::C. D. Welch::5.0::April 14, 2012
RKW99G8ZPCZUV::WHAT I NEEDED::THIS IS JUST WHAT I NEEDED.  GREAT FOR HOME USE OR FOR TRAVEL. I ORDERED ON FOR ALL OUTSIDE DOORS AND WAS SO GLAD I DID..THANKS::SAM::5.0::April 8, 2012
R1CMNAJ8SL2HPS::Not good on tile::We bought this because my wife was traveling and I thought it would be a good safety measure.  It arrived quick and is loud enough but it will slide on tile - defeating the purpose entirely.  We ended up buying on of those that butts up against the door handle and goes down to the ground.  It worked for our purposes.::CC::2.0::April 6, 2012
R186MH76DF71GS::Inexpensive but effective::I bought two of these items. Two entrances to my home are not near immediate living areas, and I've always been a little concerned that I would not hear anything if anyone ever tried to break in. Installing the batteries was easy, and setup is simply placing these in a way that the sensor bar would be pushed down when a door is opened. It also keeps the door from being opened because of its wedge design.Well, these things work great! The door gets blocked, and the alarm is piercing! Just the thing to scare off a would be intruder. I like that there is an "off" button" on the unit, to prevent you from accidentally blowing out your own eardums if you depress the bar while moving it. But, that didn't stop me LOL...I did accidentally try to open my basement door recently, forgetting the wedge was there. The door wouldn't open, and the alarm scared the daylights out of me! Made me laugh because I was embarrassed that I forgot it was there, but made me even more pleased with the purchase. Such an easy and simple way to add a little more security to one's home.::Xine::5.0::April 5, 2012
R2DRR3X5JBGF1C::GE 50246 Door Alarm::The GE 50246 Smart Home Door Stop Alarm is a great buy.  If you want something loud to scare someone away, this is it!::April::5.0::March 31, 2012
R3SP9SXBUGMMVP::Loud!::This is a great door stop alarm. The sound is very, very, very loud. Which is great. It's portable which is another great thing. Only wish i could figure out a way to place it when I leave my apartment. I only have one entrance and would love being able to place it while I am gone.::S. Chapman "sherchap"::5.0::March 28, 2012
R373H0DM749GHH::Work great::Bought one for each of my adult daughters to use while traveling. They say they work well, and takes a lot of worry off of me.::Pablo::5.0::March 13, 2012
R28YTPN0BXHTIZ::Reliable & Economic product::I am in the military and am gone alot and work some long hours. My wife wanted something for her peace of mind to let her know if someone is breaking in the house so she can respond. We bought this product and, although I am thankful it has not been used yet, it has not disappointed. The sound it makes is more than loud enough to wake everyone in a medium to large home as well as close neighbors. It stays solid on the floor and doesn't slide when the door opens into it. We plan to take it on vacations with us as well throughout Europe. I definitely recommend this product.::D. PALMER Jr.::5.0::March 7, 2012
R2GT6H2UXE8YMM::Fantastic little device::As the other reviewers stated, this is a great security device for travel.  It is small, loud, and in most cases will keep the door from being opened.  I found that it did not work on smooth hardwood/laminate floors, as the rubber pad on the bottom did not create enough friction.  This was easily remedied by putting duct tape on the bottom (looks ugly but works).  I also use this device all the time to keep the front door open when I need to bring in a lot of groceries or other items into the house and don't have a free hand to keep opening and closing the door.::Maximka::5.0::March 6, 2012
R52SGA7T59SQX::Loud, simple design.::GE 50246. I recieved 3 of these in Oct. 2008. I had paid $10.28 each and now they are $8.50 or so. Two have been in constant use for just over a year now at my girlfriends loft. They are simple devices and irritatingly loud, simple means reliable to me. She feels more secure now when I'm gone and I don't worry. Now she says she will be alerted and have her 12ga ready. After phoning the authorities first of course.::R. Reim::5.0::February 26, 2012
R1BXM28262M3XB::sleep secure in your hotel room::It is simple and works just as described. Sleep well! just place it at the bottom of the door, put the switch on and go to sleep knowing that you are secure.::Prepared and Ready::5.0::January 29, 2012
R2R2MU80MZ5HQB::Works great, perfect for what I needed::It's not a security system ;) but perfect for what I needed it for.  Just a basement door that I can kick it under on carpet to and it's VERY loud so you will not miss it even if your on the 3rd floor.Also great for traveling. I will say this, it is larger than it appears on the site to be.  But will work under any door from what I can tell.::jasonstuff "jasonstuff"::4.0::November 8, 2011
R2YMO5NC3TYM5J::Loud and effective::Makes a loud noise; would be heard throughout my house and would wake me if I was sleeping. Small enough to pack for motel trips. Gives some peace of mind.The battery compartment is closed by a screw. It takes one 9v battery (not included). The non-skid surface on the bottom may make it work like a door stop, at least slowing down someone trying to enter the room.::John M "jmarovi"::5.0::September 11, 2011
RZC3FX93UY7LO::didn't fit our back door::this thing didn't fit our standard back door of the house. seems cheap material also. may try to use it on some other door in our house but could have been designed better to work on any door.::dave::2.0::September 3, 2011
R3D14VNYJD4LJL::Great item::well made and definately performs as advertised.  Not for areas where you have pets roaming around (they will set it off and scare you and them to death!!!)recommended::David::5.0::August 4, 2011
R1PN1Q7N3VA1QH::Just Perfect::This is a great option for an secure an cheap product to icrease your home security. I will get 3 more for my mother, its easy to use and works great.For the price 10/10.::M. Grullon "Edrick29"::5.0::June 29, 2011
R2KKNT465J5Z17::LOUD!!!::A very simple, easy to use, affordable and effective home security device. It does get the job done. It is LOUD!!! Will try to buy another one.::Norman Lopez::4.0::June 28, 2011
RVUO7SOSH8NLR::great product for your safety::This is a great product easy to use very loud, does what it is suppose to do warn you and keep the door from opening. But it will not work on laminate floors! It will only slide when the door is opened. That is why it did not get the 5 stars. Would still  highly recommend this to anyone though just put something under it to keep it from sliding and it still prevents the door from opening.::Kitstor::4.0::December 4, 2010
R3NDOC6IYWF851::Great Product::These alarms are a great way for homeownwers to add an extra measure of security. Inexpensive and easy to use. We've forgotten to remove them from in front of doors several times and they positively do work very well !::MW::5.0::December 3, 2010
RXPA6IQLW292M::Neat little purchase !!::Bought this for extra peace of mind when staying in hotels etc.The sound is loud to wake you from a deep sleep.I also use it around the home and it has been effective. Love it as an extra  alarm .::CB::5.0::November 19, 2010
R3ITWTD5XRSKSL::LOUD!!::When I first received the product and put a battery in, I thought oh my gosh, no one will ever be able to hear this! But I replaced the battery with another brand new one, and boy it IS LOUD!!  I'm happy w/my purchase for the price!::Lor::4.0::November 13, 2010
R1GZOYHURFCWX9::Just what I was looking for::With a spouse away in the military I sometimes get nervous at night home alone with the baby. With this, it is definitely VERY difficult to get the door open (actually I tried several times and was unable to open the door more than 1"). I haven't set the alarm yet but my door squeaks pretty loudly when you open it so I'm not too worried :) I highly recommend this.The opening under my door is VERY small - less than 1/4" and this works fine. I just kind of kick it a little but it doesn't fit under the door, just up against it. My entry way is tile and this has excellent traction and does not slip on the tile at all.::Joeys Mama::5.0::September 30, 2010
R210Z8ZL00YHZ8::Great product. Easy to use.::This door stop alarn has a loud alarning sound that will alert you anywhere in the house, even in loud conditions like music.::Joe Mack::5.0::June 26, 2010
R5IS8YWMYLAJV::Excellent - will buy more!::My son sleeps in the basement with 2 doors leading outside - he feels muchmore comfortable with these two very loud alarms protecting the doors.I am going to buy more!::J. Kosslow "Go Steelers!!"::5.0::June 15, 2010
R1TOARKNXB1TWO::Works VERY well!::This thing is awesome. Not only can it be used as a doorstop (yes, it does that well, too), but the alarm on this thing is CRAZY. It'll definitely wake you up if someone busts through your door. Emits a very loud chirping sound, sort of similar to some fire alarms, I suppose.::M. Combs::5.0::March 29, 2010
R3G87OLQQ3UIS3::Great Alarm Product::I am very happy with this purchase and the quick service I received from the seller.::M. Price::5.0::November 15, 2009
R7PWQ8PBRKL9E::Did not work.::This is a piece of junk.  The alarm did not sound no matter how many times I pressed it, and after trying it with two different batteries.EDIT:  the replacement did work out of the package; it remains to be seen how long it will continue to work.::patriot1123::1.0::March 16, 2013
R2WN370PJLCQK4::metal part comes off real easy, hard to put back on::this would be perfect except the metal top part comes off when installing the battery and can be a pain to put back on!!!!!!!!!has on off switchits loudgrips the floor::litchen::1.0::August 11, 2012
R37NQW1393WUKX::Alarm Door Stop::It is OK--works for hotel or motel room doors when you don't want to be disturbed.  Works for mom and dad if they need a private moment away from kids.  The only thing is, it is a "one way" alarm, so you need to remove it and or place it every time.::Maggie the Cat::3.0::July 7, 2013
R27BEPVY5R2XBR::Good product::The product functions as described.  I feel more secure at home knowing it is in place. The only down side is that the rubber padding doesn't stick to all surfaces making it ineffective for some areas.  For example tiled floors.::Jelani::4.0::June 18, 2013
R1DPM6JN24L7NU::wouldn't know::Hard to believe that the seller would ship this without a battery. Also, there is no directions. I guess when I do go out and buy a battery, I'll figure out how to put it in. I would suggest to those looking to buy this: buy it at home depot instead of amazon, at least you can purchase the battery there and start using it right away.::swimmerdude::2.0::June 15, 2013
R3P5H2U9836JAK::Works as advertised::Works as advertised and it says I need more words for the review so here they are plus a couple more.::C. Lawson::5.0::January 26, 2013
RHJEFJT1AQ8S7::So far, so good!::I got this very quickly & in great shape.  I bought this to make a friend feel a little safer in her new house & she was very happy with it.::lyn::5.0::August 12, 2012
ROA4L219JIWLT::Best investment!!!!!::I read reviews about this last night and well decided to look for it at my local Lowe's which I got. Let me tell you OMG like OMG this is the loudest little thing ever, good Lord. I am not an intruder but this scared the living lights out of me because you are not expecting that much of a loud alarm.Plz do not hesitate on this, it might not alert the police as a real alarm but it will definately make an intruder think twice just by that sound. Glad I  got this and didn't regret buying this for $10 bucks, so now I feel safer both at home or away. I went out to get this because lately we had one break in and an attempted a day apart from each other opposite sides of the streets from each other. Surprisingly my husband saw the first one and called the cops the next day by some miracle I was home and drove in my drive way seeing some punks attempting to break in the next door neighbor by kicking the front door in and called the cops. I don't have an alarm system cuz I do not have a land line (another way to save).I did research to see if there was some thing good in place and I have found it in the mean time.::Nash::5.0::August 27, 2011
R3NLYFJN4L8SE2::Versatile!::This door stop alarm works great and is quite loud!  I really like it for my sliding door, allowing me to keep it open a few inches without worry of intrustion.  It can be moved around the home for ease and need. It can be taken on the road for hotels, etc.  For the price, it is a great addition to home security.::RJPStockton::5.0::March 18, 2011
R3L7ANXDERJ0L7::Home security::This is an outstanding and simple means of protecting your home.  This alarmed door stop adds strength to your doors and can prevent them from being kicked or knocked open.  A must for home security.::Nathan Crisp::5.0::January 19, 2011
R21RVVR8RRBDQR::great idea::i hope i never have to hear this, but it is easy, light weight,and would scare most people off. they were here the day after i ordered them!::J. waldhalm::5.0::August 28, 2010
R3N9GLSTKABVCT::Where is the battery?::It came with no battery and no instructions.  I can't figure out how to open it to put a battery in.  Nothing opens.  There is no catch or anything::Neva F.::1.0::October 17, 2013
RXRM1RUO1MNQ3::Wouldn't work.::It would not work even with new batteries and it would not fit under the door correctly. Wish we hadn't thrown the box away so we could have returned it.::Deborah L. Miller::1.0::June 1, 2013
R1ZSAE4P588ARB::door gap to floor too wide doesn't work for me::read the reviews about the door and floor gap too wide but had to purchase it to try.  basically won't work on any of my doors.  might be good for using in hotels as per others say.::rayman::2.0::December 6, 2010
R2H5JHEPB1RZ34::ok::it's hard to disassemble this alarm to put the battery in. The screw is so tiny. But it's good overall::shoelover::3.0::April 14, 2014
R2NNMFDLDYT74K::"BEST"::If you have the proper clearance to slide this under your door this is one of the best theft devices you can buy. Not only can the intruder NOT slide the door open but you also get alerted. My advice would be to make sure it won't slide when the door opens and make sure you place this at the end of your door. I glued a piece of very gritty sanding pad to the bottom of mine so it wouldn't slid with the door. You know this little thing can save alot of grief and expense if you use it every night and make sure it doesn't slide. I tested mine to make sure it works and so should you.::gary haines::5.0::January 28, 2014
R1VRBZIS5WP7SR::works as advertised::its ok,  simple and works, I use at home and provides some confidence to wife ,  not greate but ok::Michael Stepenaskie::3.0::March 21, 2013
R24ARS956DTVTS::Alarm + Door stop::It is a door alarm and door stop. Great! You have to disable the device to use as door stop. Is very loud! LOve it!::WinnerNotWhiner::5.0::July 27, 2012
R39JJ4OV1IWR7D::screw too tight::Product is great. But be sure to test the screw on the bottom. I made the mistake of not doing it. i ordered 3. One - I am not able to remove the screw and window of opportunity to return it gone.::Fica::4.0::May 18, 2012
R1BMFVQWN8IP9B::Thanks::This item seems like a really good idea with all that is going on out there today.  I haven't used it yet, but soon I'll use it.Item was just as described and arrived when promised.Thanks::Dele::3.0::June 1, 2013
R2OAVG0D96E45K::excellent::Oh my gosh these things will shattered glass I bought 5 of them all together and I love them. Well worth the money::lowy::5.0::November 28, 2011
R35NNJHLIIBX8R::WOW VERY LOUD::VERY KEWL PRODUCT,AND WOOOO IS IT LOUD BE CAREFUL NOT TO LET IT GO OFF NEAR YOUR EARS.IM GLAD I GOT IT,MY NEIGHBORS WOULD BE ABLE TO HEAR THIS THING A MILE AWAY::Bianca::5.0::November 17, 2011
RMNRCH9XJSI9T::I'm still debating about this one.::If you try hard enough, you can push the door open, but it will warn you enough to see your death coming.::Marco A. Flores::2.0::April 19, 2013
R1WM34OLCT1SFE::Idiotically designed::These devices have been around for at least 40 years, as we had one when I was growing up and on one family vacation it actually stopped an intruder from coming into our hotel room. So I am a big believer in the concept. However, this particular device has a base that can only be opened with a *tiny* screwdriver as it is held on by a *tiny, tiny* screw. Why??!! Why not use a normal-sized screw that could be removed with a normal-sized screwdriver? Or maybe not have the base held on by a screw at all.  Maybe it could be designed to snap into place, as is common in many other products. In any case, I was getting ready for a trip and did not have a *tiny, tiny* screwdriver at hand. (And what of people who don't notice this till they get to their destination? God help someone just discovering the need for a *tiny, tiny* screwdriver when they just get to their hotel room.) Second, it requires a nine-volt battery, such as used to be used in old portable radios but which is relatively rare nowadays. Of course, the battery is not included and I didn't have one of those at hand either. Why not use more conventional AA or AAA batteries? This device was very disappointing.::Lavoris L'Oreal::1.0::July 3, 2011
R10XFVUKT1FMDF::BE aware!::No seriously if you are worried you won't hear someone break in if they just opened the door this is for you. I was on the fourth floor and this was in a bag all the way downstairs in the middle of things and I still heard it. Also if you want to prank someone you might get a kick out of it.::S. Elbedwihy::5.0::August 24, 2012
R21Y38P4GZT6SG::need a small screwdriver to put the battery::you need a 9v battery which is not included and also a small screw driver to open the battery cover which I did not have so it is just a waste of money and lying around.::ND::1.0::February 27, 2014
R17XCJSGBDHQ8J::Craaaap!!::It has never worked.  Of course, I did not need this product until recently so it stayed in the box.  My mistake.  I admit it.  I should have known that GE produces shoddy equipment.  I should have known that there is no such thing as quality control.  I should have known that Amazon has a worse return policy than Lowes or Home Depot.  I should have known that even though this website says there is a 1 year warranty, it actually only has a 90 day warranty.  My mistake.::Almost Southern::1.0::August 27, 2013
R12RO4SA3TJN97::The bottom of the swege::Didn't protect me from intruders...but i taped them to the bottom of my shoes and now i'm a foot taller::Sky Reilly::4.0::January 17, 2014
R167DKDNQ3AVQV::door stop alarm  i choose this cause it would let me know f anny one trying to get in the house in the night  that thing can not::i chose this because it would let me know if anyone  was try ing to get in the house in the night first the thing can not fit under the  front or back door so i will have to use it in the i guess, i would not tell nobody to buy this but it could make noise if you could get it under the door it would work.::kathlane feaster::2.0::February 17, 2013
RJGEXHJYARCJA::Doesn't Fit every door::You step up to my front door where I needed this stop, so it doesn't fit underneath.  It fits on my bedroom door, but because I live in an holder building, there is lots of space between door and floor.  Someone on the outside could easily kick it away.  I will keep it because I plan on moving to a modern building, where it should hopefully work.::Val August::3.0::February 5, 2011
RB41JIHSK801E::The product was great , but we couldn't use it.::The fact that this product did not fit our needs is not the fault of the product but the purpose for which we intended to use it.  The product worked flawlessly...just not for our use.::Gray Beard "G WIZZZ"::5.0::August 8, 2012
R2MK3XEA5L4YUL::do not buy this guy::Poorly designed and simply does not work. No alarm at all. Makes no noise. Arrived dead. Silent. Non functional, non operative.I returned it immediately--and did not even get credit for that.::Boonebooks::1.0::September 18, 2012
ROOJ51H1COMRL::Door Stop::I purchased it for a specific reason.  Unfortunately, I have been unable to use it for personal reasons that I can not get into.::Lee::3.0::April 6, 2014
R1EK14KKCGEV15::Battery not included::be careful when you buy this product! Battery is not included, its useless until you buy the battery. Why can't they just sell a functional product out of the box::Vinod::1.0::June 12, 2012
R3Q82ZU5SMNUPW::A Glorified Door Stop::Looks good with an accessorized alarm that is truly pointless.  Good quality product but if someone is trying to breakdown your door than the door stop itself will do far more good for you, seconds to call 911 or load your gun/rifle than would the alarm sounding.  Hearing a door come crashing in is sufficient to alarm you!!  What we call in Texas, Kick robberies.::B. Yee::3.0::June 28, 2008
RWBMNAQFR432A::Works like a charm::My truck was boken into 3 times.  The first time, I had no alarm, but the cops caught the guys!  The second time I had the alarm on, but was set too low and they got into my bed-mounted tool box (put a pad lock on it after that).  The third time I was in bed awake watching tv.  As soon as they poped the glass ( I heard it) the alarm sounded and they took off.  This sound sensor did its job!  After this third break in I added the Radar motion detector and had the dash security light changed from red to the much brighter blue.If you are thinking about putting an alarm on your truck / car, I recommend getting the addon sensors!  Like me, you may whish you did.::C. Schroeder::5.0::February 8, 2010
RS8WRZGJSL3HD::Does the job quite well!::You cannot find this item any cheaper than Amazon, anywhere else on the internet. This product does exactly as it is intended to do. If you have a great quality alarm, such as a high-end Viper, I have the 5904V, then this add-on is essential.My only suggestion to you is to purchase it from Amazon and have a quality installer install it onto your vehicle.This accessory is a definite asset to your alarm!::Sean R. Chang "Shockin' Sean"::5.0::January 19, 2013
R8PTTVCOYT6FV::Excellent Addon to Viper System - But Dont Buy::The addon device works really good, and does secure your car beyond what it really needs too.The problem is if you are installing a remote start, and have your radio on. The audit sensor will trigger the alarm, which can become  an nusiance.I am about to go to the installer and have them remove it from my car.::Kyle Wagner::3.0::October 23, 2013
R38ZHNFMCWYUAN::Sensor works::This sensor works great with my Viper remote start alarm system. We tested it on multiple occasions and it continues to work. Do not try this sensor with any of the windows down after setting it up. Make sure when it is tweaked to the proper setting and when you test it that all windows are up.::William The Music Robinson::5.0::July 19, 2011
R1BB2Q68XIFZJH::loved it::this item was a great buy, it plugged right in to my system along with all my other add on goodies.. i would recomend it to anyone.::ok then::5.0::March 21, 2013
R23817G8OTU17O::great product::i havent had a chance to test the product, but again the only way to test it is to break a window on my vehicle. Still, I am very happy with my purchase. I am thinking about getting a few more accesories for my alarm system. Amazon is the top seller in my list.::richard ochoa::5.0::December 21, 2010
R3JT7NP0X9FHO2::glass sensor works great::I decided to up grade my alarm on my conversion van it was just your plain old alarm that only work if you open the the door to the vehicle and todays theif are very smart from what I have seen and heard i wanted a little more protection so i decided to give the506TIT audio sensor a try and I  very satisfied on how easy it was to intstall to my asisting alarm I placed it in center of the dash  and turned it up and went around the van tapping on the windows and every time I taped on the glass it would set off the alarm and now i can sleep a little better knowing i have a little more sercurity on my vehicle it works great::master blaster "music man"::5.0::May 1, 2014
R36M8MUOXLCA1K::Great addition!::Great addition to Viper 5204V, or any alarm. Naturally if your alarm has 4 pin white plug for shock sensor you can plug it directly or just use supplied Y harness to connect both!::Blue "tgis"::5.0::April 29, 2014
R2QP92SFZ0QKER::knock knock, directed electronics is here.::this thing works great, tap on the window and the siren will chirp to let you know this vehicle is protected, would recommend to anyone with a DEI alarm system.::George S::5.0::April 25, 2014
R1NGIARX799BSE::Excellent product::Excellent product to add onto your existing factory car alarm.  So far so good.  Excellent product at a great price!::Thanh Le::5.0::March 31, 2014
ROI5HFIB9IXCE::installed easy::This installed easy per my installer.  It has not thrown any false alarms yet.  I heard they throw on thunder but hasn't been my experience.::oldtimehockey::5.0::March 27, 2014
R243H12P5X4GQQ::audio sensor::got this product for my dada says that he likes it got his keys tap it on the window and it helps the alarm go off::Robert Zepeda::5.0::March 25, 2014
RQ32P77Y7NHAW::great product::i love this thing. you can tune it to what ever sensitivity you like and it works greatly. glad i bought this item::paula::5.0::March 3, 2014
R1WCBHW21R9IF::This should come standard in all alarms::The 506T Audio sensor is an optional sensor i installed for added protection with my compustar alarm. It is used to detect the sound of breaking glass. It was installed in a Cadillac Escalade.The installation was straightforward but i did need to purchase a longer rca cable. I got one from radio shack. I mounted mine on the windshield behind the rear view mirror with the microphone facing the dashboard.The sensor is extremely accurate and can be adjusted to your liking. It can be tested by tapping keys on various windows outside of the car. When it can pick up the keys on the farthest window (usually the rear) you know it has been set properly.It has been working flawlessly for years and luckily no one has broken my windows (knock on wood).If you have an alarm that accepts optional sensors this is a no brainer.::Elizabeth::4.0::February 28, 2014
R27WJFF4A3SP93::GREAT PRODUCT::I got this as an add on to my viper alarm. The auto store wanted over $70.00 for this item. Buy off amazon and save yourself a lot of money.::FREDERIC O HOLMES::5.0::February 7, 2014
R1P216MRQJK5AS::Great product!!!::I have this before and never have any problem. Work really well in any car alarm. Function really we'll and nothing to worry about.::Rj415::5.0::February 2, 2014
RYNEELKF7X2BQ::Right on point.::This item in particular i wasn't expecting much from i but i was surprised, after the alarm is armed if you tap your windows with your key or anything else it will go off.::Wes Tibu::4.0::January 16, 2014
RPURUS49HY4NL::Must buy::This product is a must-buy compliment for your DE alarm. It works perfectly and it is easy to hide in the windshield::madreus::5.0::December 8, 2013
R19VPMEBR4BED9::Great sensor::Its Good affordable insurance to any alarm system once adjusted right works wonders and gives you peace of mind if someone ever breaks your glass to break in::clemente aponte::5.0::November 11, 2013
RFIHMMINB67AY::glass break detector. WORKS::It works just fine.small easy to place no one notice it but it worksI would say for the price get it::M. H. jones "TEAM(SOLO)"::5.0::October 2, 2013
R2URFM3RG1QNJ2::Hum...::I have a Ford Explorer and I mounted the mic in the middle of the windshield, near the bottom, close to the dashboard. Putting the sensibility to maximum, it clearly reacts to any kick on any of the four windows, but it is completely deaf when you kick the rear hatch.::Marcelo Aliberti::2.0::October 1, 2013
R2KH915MCXZ0LL::It is great addition to my car alarm::Works Great! The 506T I.T. works  great with my Viper car alarm. I like this product  very much and is a great addition to my alarm system.::charles l.::4.0::June 21, 2013
R2U8WI9LZBLEY5::FANTASTIC::i love this thing its a great thing to have for a viper car alarm ! it also has another wire to plug another sensor into it as well works great high recommend::Tyler Mosier::5.0::June 16, 2013
REVB2Y7N290XQ::Great for Viper Alarm::This is a great addon for any Viper system. It is essentially a glass break sensor. However, if you leave your radio on and remote start the car, it could potentially set off the audio alarm.Just make sure you take the time to calibrate it properly.::Matthew Franzel::5.0::May 20, 2013
R3K2KDAM9L3HEU::Another Great Product::Keeps the alarm from activating falsely. Easily hooked up to my Viper alarm. Took a bit of time to adjust.::Jesse K.::5.0::May 11, 2013
R1HOW50QVMZVX5::Must have security add::This is a must for any alarm I have this piece added on to a viper alarm which shock sensor wasn't sensitive enough for me. The glass break sensor give me the added piece of mind to sleep at night.::evoguy::5.0::March 29, 2013
R1UP4COVQMF1JI::Excellent item::installed on my Hyunday Getz with the Viper 5091, great and save me many times, works perfect and is small to set at any space.::Juan Bonilla::5.0::January 3, 2013
RFFU9FCQRCZOI::Just as described!::Item came new in package and arrived timely!  Works perfect in my truck with the Viper 5904!  Very pleased!  Great product!::Gunnen Craig::5.0::December 11, 2012
R359T5K76UTJ55::Works as advertised....Comes with instructions::I bought this to add to my factory alarm system. Works as advertised, and comes with instructions to add to a DE system. I adapted it to work with my factory alarm.::D Chung::5.0::November 29, 2012
R1M8HSRRB55AZX::Audio Sensor for car alarm::good item as an added feature for your remote starter kit or alarm system.  Make sure you turn the sensitivity down a bit and have a professional install this item.::Fran-Swa::4.0::August 26, 2012
R28KZE6W08OQBJ::Thank you::You need a glass break sensor if you go to downtown Memphis. This is a great product. Its got everything you need.::Matt H.::5.0::July 5, 2012
R3YENTCDI573E::Works well, just be sure to tweak the sensitivity::I installed this with a Python 991 in a 2004 GMC Sierra.  After tweaking it the sound of 2-3 keys clinking on my glass triggers this sensor reliably and I've had no falses.  I'd recommend this to others.::Surrealone::5.0::October 31, 2011
R3NRB83A5Q4YND::Excellent addition::I added this sensor to the Viper 5902 in my '90 Jetta.  It works great, and is a quick/easy install.  To mount it, I drilled a hole in one of the dash blanks and inserted the microphone sans its mounting clip - looks very stealth and OEM.  Highly recommended.::Yoshmann::5.0::January 30, 2011
R17EIZGSXN8GRZ::506T Audio Sensor::This sensor senses high frequency sounds such as, glass breaking, brake squeaks, etc... which sends a signal to the alarm to go off.  If its too sensitive it will go off by sounds brake squeaks or trucks letting pressure release next to your car.  Adding this layer of security is a plus.  Works well and its adjustable, recommended to any car security system.::A. Acevedo::5.0::May 17, 2007
R2WWF6CK0U5AUN::It really works!::I installed this sensor's mic on the middle upside of the rear glass of my Corolla with the supplied 2 sided tape.  The receiver at the trunk so it could be visible when it's opened and therefore easier to calibrate.  The microphone picks sounds of highwave frequencies and triggers (-) into the blue wire (you can try hitting a glass bottle with some metal).  it's simple, all the work I've to do was running a blue cable from the dash to the trunk. I just installed at back because thieves tend to break the rear door little triangle glass, instead of the larger door glasses, this works for them in many cases without triggering the full alarm, because shock sensor don't always pick 'shocks' from the back of the car when pressed toward using force on the door.  Don't spec to see a big glass to be broken!! that will make a lot of noise and vibration to the car, so alarm with be on!!! only desperate theft fall in this category.  I recommend this item, it offers more security to your car and all your valued items inside.::Idelson de la Cruz::5.0::January 23, 2012
R3GB8JKDP3GCG8::Works perfect!::This unit works great! very easy to install and very easy to set up and test. The led comes on every time the mic senses sound making it easy to adjust. I wish the other add ons I bought for my Viper were so simple to install and use.::Terry S.::5.0::October 7, 2011
R3VXKC6247Y61F::Nice addition::Got this for my Viper 5900. Had the sensitivity up too high, a helocoptor flew by and set it off. Put it down a little bit, and it'll go off if I say "pssssssst." I don't think a shock sensor is enough to detect breaking glass, plus this thing plugs right in along with the shock sensor.::Mad Mike::5.0::June 19, 2007
R14UFDEI57NJ2K::It's....a glass breakage sensor.::Installed in 2009 Accord V6.  Not a real must in every security system, but as I went all out on my alarm I figured I'd truly go all out.  2way FM(6000' range), Window modules, R/S, remote sunroof open and close, dual shock sensors, tilt sensor, proximity sensor, AND glass breakage sensor.Placement is key for even coverage.  I removed the mic from it's bulky housing and crafted a much smaller bezel putting this in the bottom part of the center console.  It is almost invisible but a gentle tap of a key on any piece of glass sends a pre-warn.  Although it will pre-warn with jingling keys occasionally  :pDEI has always been the brains behind the mayhem in the automotive security sector, this lives up to Directed's rep. :)::Frank Jones::5.0::January 14, 2010
RW80VRUHXNO27::Must have.::I didn't get to install my car alarm I ended up selling it.But I did lots and lots of prep work and from what I could seen this would've been an excellent alarm to install.Will be buying another one soon.::Donta P.::4.0::April 26, 2014
RFMML1TPVI7CG::Very good ear...::So long story short, it does exactly what it is supposed to do, I have this as an add on to my viper alarm system, it hears a noise, sound, it triggers my alarm, enough said. Can be a bit sensitive though, a heavy rain storm, loud cars and motorcycles set it off, but in the end, I know the audio sensor is doing it's job. I highly recommend as an add on to your alarm system!::Ruben Rivera Jr::5.0::April 4, 2014
RFV32L0PELKPL::Great product::Works very well in association with my Viper 5904 alarm. Make sure to set sensitivity correctly. Highly recommended for peace of mind.::Abhi Basu "AKB"::4.0::July 24, 2013
RO4M1FOI7QMEA::Excellent Product!::I researched and compared this particular alarm component with others on the market before I decided to purchase it and found it to rate very high by several car security magazines.  I received it in new condition as promised by the seller in a very efficient and timely manner.  Awesome!::E. FISHER::5.0::February 26, 2013
R22A1WIPZ23W4::Does what it says!::For the money it does help the overall protection of the vehicle, it works well like it hears a tap on glass but besides that all other sounds it pretty much doesn't get. Not bad just as added security.::EDog "Eric"::4.0::December 4, 2012
R1J9XN0QJEL8KZ::Great product::Really good product, works well, placement is important and make sure you adjust the tigger level::Rad8052::5.0::March 8, 2007
R371Z8A3UMUH3P::This brings my older Dodge with just the power windows switches up to date.::This  controller allows you to make it so when you use your power window button to go down it will go all the way down without having to hold the control switch or if gong up the same thing.  It also gives you the remote ability to automatically roll your windows up when you lock your vehicle.  You can also toggle your security controller to lower the window about a half an inch on a warm day to get some circulation and release heat buildup.::orcan::5.0::January 6, 2013
R3FVX9XOFCHFCU::VERY comfortable!!!::I have tried other kinds of these things and there was always 2 problems. 1 they hurt after a long shift. 2 they made it hard to hear it was as if you had an ear plug in one ear. These worked MUCH better both ways. Because of the acoustic tube you can still hear with the ear that has the piece in it. I found out right away that even after a 12 hour shift my ear was not sore from wearing this. If you want to use a two way with an ear piece this is the only way to go.::Kelly Carlson::5.0::February 26, 2007
RLIU3686ODWAP::Amazing Product::I bought these along with Midland radios to use in the 2 bars that I run so all of my bartenders, door guys and bouncers are always in contact with each other. It gets really loud on weekends when the bars are packed and all of my staff can always hear each other perfectly. We have tried dozens of different radios/headsets in the past, and we could never find headsets that allowed us to hear each other.Great product, I would recommend to anyone looking for good quality headsets to use with their 2 way radios.::Mark::5.0::September 25, 2008
R2D1BLTBPKUT4D::A close miss. Good features and sound, wire's too short, cheesy clips.::The design of these headsets intends for the user to place the mic/ push-to-talk button down a sleeve and attach the clip for the acoustic earpiece directly behind the neck in order to conceal the hollow coil from front and side view as much as possible.In order to accomplish this, the wire from the acoustic earpiece has to be long enough to reach from center-neck to about four inches beyond the wrist. In this way, the user activates the PTT button using thumb and forefinger and speaks into the cupped palm.Here is the near miss aspect of these units: The length of the wire from the earpiece to the PTT switch/mic is 24 inches. Twenty-four inches is almost laughably short for those who have arms longer than twenty inches. I don't know anyone, outside of children, who might have arms that short.After plugging these in and running the wires, it immediately became a matter of finding some appropriate microphone wire to use to splice in a 15" section of wire to make these actually function as intended.Once that was done, the units were ready for use. Well, almost. The next thing that had to be done was to replace the little slippery plastic clothing clips with steel security-badge clips so the pieces would stay in place during actual use.Now we were ready. We found that the earpieces actually sounded better than the radio's speakers and the push-to-talk buttons were crisp and positive. The mic's have no wind shielding so users need to be advised that they need to speak across the mic instead of directly into them, and keep them a couple inches away from their mouths. Operated that way we obtained very good results.Too bad, for the want of a couple of dollars' worth of more wire and pro clips, these would be outstanding accessories. As they are now, they are somewhat of a starter kit waiting for final assembly.::D L::4.0::November 16, 2009
R35Z1GYB2Y366H::Perfect Accessory for my 2-ways::I decided to purchase the transparent headsets because I didn't want to look too obvious that I was wearing a headset.  The headset itself looks cheap and flimsy, but it has proven to be sturdy and put together well.  Best of all, the sound quality is excellent as long as you give your mouth about an inch or so of distance from the mike.  My only complaint is that the earpiece seems to be designed to fit in the right ear; if you put the earpiece in the left it has a tendancy to slip and rotate out of the ear every once in a while.  Altogether an excellent value.::Dave Tomita::4.0::October 5, 2007
R2R5KSSVVOYOA5::PERFECT option for loud events!::I purchased two sets of these for a very large event. We were not part of security but part of the music program. Four of us had to seat over 400 people in a choir and orchestra in a venue we had never rented before. The headsets were invaluable! There is no way we could have communicated with out them! Over the two day period the ear pieces were comfortable and the microphones picked up every word accurately. Look forward to the next event to use them again.::JR Big Boy::5.0::June 2, 2009
R3J9R8YBH2SN8M::Secret Agent Man!!!::We use these with our Midland radios for the security team we have at our business. The security team are never more than 200ft away from each other and through three floors of building. They are well constructed, lightweight and unobtrusive. The team loves them over the old ones we had where they looked like Britney Spears in a concert (boom mic, etc). Now they can be like Secret Service and can watch our patrons in a bit of cognito. They are well worth the money and we plan to buy more for the other radios.::J. Moretti "Globetrotter"::5.0::February 17, 2008
R280W56422239P::Essential accessory for hunting::Paired with the Midland GXT1050VP4 radios these are essential accessories for hunting. Four of us used these on a hunt in the mountains and surrounding range over the past two weeks. Working the rangelands as a team, we were able to coordinate our movements and direct each other while maintaining the stealth required. While we did not use the headsets in the VOX mode, the PTT function worked flawlessly.The earbuds are comfortable and it is easy to forget you have it in. More than once we came back to camp to find that we were still wearing them long after we had switched the radios off.Sound quality was excellent enabling whispered speach to be heard clearly even in strong gusty wind. The mike was easy to reach clipped to a collared shirt and the sturdy metal clip never slipped.I found that the rig was easiest to wear with a button down collared shirt or jacket. Routing the wires around the back of the neck and around the collar buttons kept things in order and out of the way.All in all an excellent product and an absolute necessity for hunting or any activity where you want stealth along with excellent sound quality and easy operation. Well worth the money.::Tony L. Ottinger::5.0::November 6, 2010
R1O68Y4U2SMZ8Q::Excellent!::As a wedding consultant/coordinator, I knew I needed to be able to communicate with my staff to make the event run smoother and in case of emergencies no matter where we were doing the ceremony/reception. After looking at many similar products I decided to take a chance on Midland and the surveillance earplugs. I must say they are great! My friend has a similar product, but hers do not measure to the radius and clarity of mines nor do her earplugs measure. Great investment!::Ebony Hogan "Fair"E"Tale Weddings"::5.0::August 30, 2008
R3P1PAFVN09HIO::(the 15 yearold kid who bought these)::I had gotten some Midland LXT110's recently (mainly for airsoft, paintball, fishing, and what not), and these headsets.  I had tried my friends headsets before, and they're good quality, but it hurts my ear after a while, (why I use headsets when I'm fishing (ice fishing mainly), I don't like when other people hear my conversations), I tried these, and oh my god, these are perfect.  The sound quality is amazing, like a perfect diamond, comfortable like a broken-in, leather recliner.  So easy to use (2year old could probably figure it out).  At first when you put it in your ear, it'll feel weird, but it's comfortable after about 10mins (for me) (it's just a tad uncomfortable at first, and you can still hear outta that ear quite easily for it being like an ear plug).  Some people may be wondering why I got these for airsoft as well.  Simply put, I HATE it when my position is given away because someone used the radio, and the wrong time (for me).  With headsets, I can hear my teammates, hear movement around me, and more importantly, hear my enemies radio call end sound.  The weird thing about these in my opinion, is the placement of the PTT button, but I'll get used to it soon enough.  A plus side of these being clear, perfect sound quality (as if the person was right next to you), you sometimes forget that your wearing it, and, sometimes, people don't even realize you've got a headset in use.  The mic is actually so clear, that I put it up to my small boombox, held the PTT button on it, and my friend could hear EVERYTHING on the other headset.Pros:EVERYTHINGCons:Sometimes you forget your wearing it and say something out loud forgetting to push the button (if you don't have the VOX setting available on your radio).5 - 5 stars on this FINE product.  I would be a dick and say to "BUY IT, IT'S AWESOME" and sound like a 5 year old, but what I'll say, is:I highly recommend this product to anyone who has a 2pin Midland radio.::K. Lundahl::5.0::December 26, 2010
RA5UB8UHBMSMA::Great::No problems - it works as expected.  Ear buds fit inside the ear canal and allows me to hear perfectly fine.  Only gripe is that there isn't a volume control on the headset, as sometimes I think it's too loud even after I've lowered the volume setting on my radio.::Jason Chan::4.0::March 25, 2008
R39CJVDN0NCZXD::Discrete listening::These versatile ear-pieces have been great for listening to mono, non-music podcasts. The unit as a cool secret service look, but is still less obvious than most cell and stereo headphone gear. I wear it for exersize, driving, just about anywhere I want to enjoy confortable non-stereo sound.I say non-stereo, but the sound quality is excellent, providing lots of good quality signal.::Technology-Report.com "John Ghysels"::5.0::February 26, 2008
R2R1NJD2QPA316::Cool but needs some improvements::My family of 4 bought this for skiing so we can keep track of the kids. Wears very comfortably under helmets and my 180's.  The alligator clip is very close to where the button is to speak into the mic and I can't tell you how many times it came unclipped when trying to talk and then you have to fumble around to get it clipped back on. When speaking, it's very clear. We put our mics on the edge of our jackets and lined the wire underneath our jackets so it doesn't get tangled, that worked out great. Overall, it's a great product. My husband is going to have to jerry rig the alligator clip somehow though.::Always a rocker "Always a rocker"::4.0::February 8, 2008
R3U5G50D663WRM::Half way to a great product::Comfy to wear.  The mic is weakest part of the is setup, frustratingly so.  It's my first ear and mic set up like this so I can't offer a comparison.  It blows away the boom set up included with radios, but I would look around for something with great reviews, I had limited time and it did the job.::Mr. S. R. Massey::3.0::August 9, 2007
R2OTLC99M0PN7J::Comfortable and Clear Headsets::I bought these for use while wedding coordinating. I had a pair of older model Motorola business radios that I had intended to use these with, but the prongs on the headset were too close for the jacks on the Motorola radio. I ended up buying a new pair of cheap Midland 2-ways and the prongs fit perfectly. Before purchasing, make sure that your radio can accept a double-prong headset.As far as operation goes, the audio was clear on both ends using the headsets and the fit of the earpiece was very comfortable. One thing to note is that the cable to the PTT button is not long enough to run down the length of your sleeve, so it does need to be clipped to somewhere on the torso. The wire to the radio is plenty long and the radio can comfortably be placed in your back pocket if you'd like.::Chris D.::4.0::January 3, 2012
R3062OT403G3IV::Short mic::The ear bud works well. It's comfortable to wear and projects the sound to a level that can be heard in a crowd. The ear bud does not allow for amibient noise in the ear with the speaker. The mic picks up your voice well, but it is just long enough to be attached to the shirt collar. I expected to be able to extend this down a shirt sleeve. The mic only works well when held close to the mouth, which means removing it from your collar. I can't bend my neck well enough to do otherwise. Wish the mic wire extended further. Other than that--good product.::Slip::3.0::November 24, 2009
R23FFGMNEAXPX5::These things are cool!::Bought these for two purposes...communication while off-roading in the desert, and for 'covert' communication in quiet situations like weddings and events. The headsets work perfectly for both, with no discomfort in either situation. Sound quality is perfect, even with loud engine noises in the background. Earpiece fits snugly without issue, and microphone can be located comfortably anywhere in the chest-area.One TINY thing...It'd be cool if the mic cord was a little longer so you would run it down your sleeve and have it sitting on your wrist (like the secret service does).Highly recommend these things...takes a quality product and makes it even more convenient.::Randal J. Bennett "comdygas"::5.0::October 26, 2009
RVG6EWJ1F2W87::Headsets work great::We decided to try the Midland AVPH3 on a trip in a convertible with the top down which makes it difficult to hear anything. We were traveling with a group of 20 other cars and we could hear and talk more clearly than any other person. We had also purchased the Midland GXT900VP4 radios which had plenty of power to get out to the entire group. Later when talking to another GXT900 user we were able to talk about 2 miles when we got separated. The headset is very lightweight, the earbud goes completely in the ear and helps block wind noise. I would recommend this product but also make sure you have a good radio.::D. Privett::5.0::June 15, 2009
R33VEN5OCJPRJC::Hunting Headset::Before going hunting this year we upgraded from the original headsets that came with the Midland radios and these headsets worked great. These headsets were way more comfortable to wear in your ear all day and when needing to whisper to a hunting partner it worked perfect. When using them in windy conditions all you had to do was turn your back to the wind or cup your hand around the microphone, I never tried the VOX mode so I can't tell you if that works or not i am going to buy two more so everyone can have one next hunting season.::JTT::5.0::November 12, 2010
R1XJNZCD6XDKWG::Great Product::One of the best headsets I have used. I do sound for a lot of productions/shows and this product helps me stay in contact with the rest of the crew. And it looks awesome too. I love the fact that the ear piece allows me to actually hear through my ear because it is a hollow tube. Other headsets are really uncomfortable and hurt, not to mention they block out all the sound in one ear. The ear piece is very comfortable and stays in my ear. The sound quality is very clear when it comes to voices. The mic is also pretty good it does the job well.I would like to clarify some misconceptions. The mic is meant to be clipped on the collar or somewhere close to the mouth. It is not meant to be run down the sleeve.::Train::5.0::March 22, 2010
R12WO3EO8LOPBK::Awesome Headsets!::We use headsets for communication at our church on Sunday mornings. We were struggling to find some that fit everyone nicely, were comfortable, worked well, and were reasonably priced. We finally found all that in these headsets! They are excellent!::New Life::5.0::December 8, 2009
R56J7ZOV4WL7R::Great for airsofting!!!::I bought these for airsofting and they ended up working perfectly. The earpiece never came out of my ear. Even with my goggle strap covering my ear, the earpiece was not uncomfortable. I wear a vest rig, and i clip the ptt to my vest and it stayed put during the whole day of playing. I can easily push to talk and not have to worry about taking my eyes off the field. The sound quality is clear and can actually be on the loud side. Be careful, with which midland radio you have. I had one older model and i bought the newer LXT114 from amazon. The headset worked in both, but it would only work clearly with the LXT114. The older model (LXT110) would chirp while trying to transmit. The Evox setting seemed to work in the older model, but it was too sensitive and people could hear whenever you were running and breathing hard.  We ended up buying another set of the LXT114 so we could use the headsets. I would recommend a vest rig if you are going to use these for airsoft, it keeps al the wires and radio nice and neat while playing.::Bacardi79::5.0::June 30, 2011
R37O96413DZE8A::Awesome addition to the walkie talkies::These work AWESOME!!!  I use them for a wedding video business and even when the DJ is cranking the music, I can still get important information from my partner across the room.  Without these, we would have missed some really great shots.They have paid for themselves 1,000 over.Also, I get a lot of compliments from clients and guests; they say these make us look "professional"...  I won't consider myself "professional" until my name is on a movie right next to Jerry Bruckheimer :)Anyways, great set of headphones!::JP::5.0::February 2, 2009
R3EMKU0ZBBANYZ::Midland Headsets::I really like these headsets. They work pretty well. I use it when I go snowboarding and they fit. Great for use in security and when you need to keep your hands free. I really like the function of not having to press the talk button to talk. Just speaking turns it on!::Victor Trang::3.0::February 21, 2008
RNPL29P001QJ0::Great headset!::The Midland AVPH3 are awesome headsets, especially for the price. They look and feel great and the audio is also on par. They're not great for loud environments, the throat mics work much better for that. These work on a lot walkie talkies you will find at major retailers (which use the S2 style 2-pin jack), but they don't work on a lot of HT (handy talky) HAM radios such as Kenwood, Baofeng, Wouxun, etc, this these use the Kenwood K1 style 2-pin jack. The size and spacing is different between the S2 / K1 mic/phone plugs so that they're not compatible between radios. In short order, Midland headsets don't work with Kenwood radios and visa-versa. Take a look at the picture I uploaded in the item photos to get a better idea of what I'm talking about.::Tex "Tex"::5.0::March 14, 2013
R3BN7QQZ1FGK0C::Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!::I have used these headsets for 3 years now and I loved them so much! They are sleek and easy to use. The microphone will pick you up even in a loud environment like the clubs, since I am a bouncer I need it to hear my voice and not the music. The earpiece gets uncomfortable around the 5th hour of wearing it but it's the most comfortable one I have found. Buy this product and have full confidence it it's reliability!A little side note, it survived the washing machine and still worked!::Adam A Schriefer::5.0::August 25, 2011
R15ZBHZ25DB5DP::AWESOME!!::Thing thing is awesome! Works great! no complaints.  We use this for communicating to team members during wedding videography.::Chris Ace "Chris Ace"::5.0::July 19, 2011
R2693OX559KLXO::A very "fitting" product::these Mics & Ear pieces are GREAT, I'm real fussy about Ear Buds and I can hardly feel this one in my ear, on land the sound is loud enough for even the hard of hearing, on a Quad the sound is slightly lower due to wind but still worth every penny I paid for them.....forget the cheap type that come with any of the Midland radios this is the way to go!::James Phillips::5.0::March 2, 2011
R27XKNW1T4Y4PS::Great Product::We use this in a manufacturing setting. The headsets are comfortable and easy to wear. Since there is a constant hum and noise in the background (at our plant) thought we would try this. Works Great. Although it takes a day of getting use to the staff love wear them. would certainly recommend it.::Manufacturing Plant Setting::4.0::November 1, 2010
R1IVGMXYZ75D6O::Great Product::I looked around for a long time to see what earpiece would work the best. You WILL NOT find a better product for your money. They are sleek, comfortable, great quality in sound and construction, and they look as official as they get!!! Really... no need to continue to look around. These things are by far the the best unless you are willing to spend hundreds of dollars. I used them for our "security" at our wedding, and they honestly made a difference. They looked great, but most importantly got the job done. I don't feel like there was much sound quality lost at all in the earpiece or mic parts. I have messed around with two way radios most of my life, and there really isn't a difference between the sound quality coming through these or the radios themselves. Again, don't think twice. Can't go wrong here.::W. Grant Brewer::5.0::August 24, 2010
R1OY1RMX1CKH6U::Great Supplement for Your Midland 2-way Radio::I bought this set out of curiosity just to look cool (FBI or Secret Service agent-like).  It turns out that these sets are way better and more comfortable than the ones that come with Midland GXT1000VP4 radios.  If there's a crowd around you may not hear the call ring or somebody speaking to you.  Having one of these in your ear negates the need to be called and does not attract unneeded attention of other people.They are a little hard to thread through your sleeves and attach, but if you use walkie-talkie entire day it well worth the hassle.::Seth Johnson "KEHTABP"::5.0::August 6, 2010
R1GTMDEXTDSZF2::Headsets for racing::I am going through the Midland inventory trying to find an affordable communications setup for my race car team. I purchased these to replace the useless motorcycle helmet version. Initial testing showed these to work great. The ear piece is very good. The real problem is the microphone. When set to VOX all you hear is the race car at speed. It works great when set to Push to Talk. Only problem is that the button to push is also the microphone. The driver has to hold it up to their mouth, which is encased in a racing helmet. I am told there is an external push to talk button I can install between the unit and the radio. Once I find this it should fix my issues.Bill StrongRacing Strong Motorsports::William Strong::4.0::April 15, 2010
R166ZQGCSEGVPC::Great::It's works fine, and is a great product for the price. The only complaints I have is that the cable for the talk button/mic is a tiny bit to short to run all the way down a sleeve for the full effect. Also, don't be expecting amazing, long lasting construction from a $10 item...::Mathew Severns "MAT"::4.0::October 24, 2009
R2VCP1FHH32PML::Just like the CIA::This product meets and exceeds my expectations for allowing a semi-handsfree way to communicate with others. Unfortunatley, the two way radios i purchsed do not support the VOX option, but that is my fault (I will be buying some eventually that do). I love the clips in both locations which allows for easier affixing to clothes.::Z.Z.::4.0::March 16, 2009
R34PC8VS7QNSLR::I have 6 of them already::It does the job and i do like them. Yet the stock ear bud its made for giant ears :) After having them on for more than 3 hours they become very uncomfortable.I recommend to search for ->earbud Replacement tips Noise Cancellation Replacements Isolation Tips SMALL C10and5 Pairs Replacement Earbud Ear Tips for All Models of Klipsch HeadphonesThey are very cheap and it changed my day.::Nash::4.0::October 9, 2013
R16MYX6U35JPJP::security headsets Midland AVPH3::our job requires us to wear these head sets and i really like them i have no complaints about them they work great and you can hear everyone just fine :) i have had mine for  almost 6 months now and they are wtill working great::Devyn Adams::5.0::December 28, 2012
R26QF9IX6GKTJ7::look+sound awesome!::They work great with my new walkie-talkies and also transmit great sound to one another! Just plug them in and they work!::wesley sands::4.0::December 24, 2012
RNX46VWCBVXXA::This is a two-pin design::You know, just in case you're curious. Two pins. Otherwise, it seems like it's a super product; discreet, comfortable, etc. Doesn't fit single-pin radios.::J. VanAndel::5.0::September 27, 2012
R2H2VARDHLTVM7::Very Nice Product::My and I wife have a Wedding and Event Planning Business. One way to help ourselves become more efficient was to communicate across the property or facility. The Midland AVPH3 Security Headsets work perfectly. Communication is very clear through the ear piece. Sometimes products don't work like you expect, but these work great and you shouldn't be disappointed.::nsul8r55872::5.0::July 23, 2012
R14A8M9QN76ZTA::They work great and are comfortable but I wish the wires were a bit longer::I have an older set of Midland G-11 two way radios and they still work great.  I wanted something that you could wear that was unobtrusive and was comfortable to use for long periods of time.  I ordered these and they are really very good performing headsets.  The acoustic tube in your ear is so comfortable that I actually forgot that I was wearing it.  I was shocked at how good the sound is and it is actually much better than using the speakers.  The control works great and allows you to use the PTT button in a hand held situation or wear it on your collar.Plugging in the headsets into the G-11 makes adjusting the volume /on/off knob hard to turn but that situation is workable.  I am a big tall guy and the control/microphone can be ran down your sleeve and clipped to your cuff.  My dress shirts are 36 inch long sleeves and cuffs (or longer in some shirts) and the wire is too short to work comfortably going down my sleeve.  I am going to have to splice the wires if I want to use them in that mode.The VOX works but whichever person pushes the button and releases it has control of the VOX until the other radio has its button pushed.  I prefer just using the PTT mode and they work fine.  I saw some complaints about plastic collar clips but mine are made of sturdy metal and work just great.Overall I can only highly recommend these to you.  The voice transmission is loud and clear while also being discrete. You can even hear whispered messages clearly which was impossible when using the two way radio speakers.  You can also use the volume controls set at a much lower level than ever before.  They are very comfortable and for the price they are a great purchase.  I still gave them 5 stars even though the wires are short for me as the other benefits are outstanding.::jjceo::5.0::July 4, 2012
R14C3B6PDECRAN::Works well::Works exactly as advertised. Great for confidential security conversations. Would be nice if it wad packaged with the thriat mic system for alternate setups.::Security::4.0::May 6, 2012
R2ZK9GGVUNU2L2::Midland Security Headsets::I purchased these Midland Transparent Security headsets with PTT/Vox.  I received them new in the package as stated. I also purchased the Midland GXT760 Two Way Radios to go with these.  These are much more comfortable then the Ear pieces that come with the radios.  I did have to put the little rubber ends that you find on MP3 headphones on the ends for a much better fit.  I will be using these with a ATV close faced helmets so these will fit much nicer with the helmet. Trails don't open until the end of May so I can't really try them until then.  We did try them in the house to make sure they worked and they did.  The shipping was good and I would certainly recommend them with the Midland two way Radios if you purchase them.::sem::5.0::May 6, 2012
RFD4ILH6HA5RA::Good deal.::They worked good with the things I use them on. Volume and clarity are good. I would definitely recommend these to anyone.::Eclark::4.0::April 22, 2012
R3GAT6QDCZCM9I::wow::wow crystal clear sound, hear and be heard great. plenty of cord. and it doesnt hurt your ear like the boom mics do it is a very soft forming rubber ear piece its idiot proof.::Shawn::5.0::April 18, 2012
R1J99IFWQ95T30::Really good::This product is really good if you have any radios it is worth getting these headsets because all the audio output is so clear I work as a door supervisor in a club and it's difficult to hear what is being said but for some reason this product helps a lot better than some headsets I have had in the past!!!!::scott92::4.0::January 23, 2012
R302T4M3736UY0::Clear::great headset if you need to hear everything without letting the rest of the world know and still look professional::Fez::5.0::December 25, 2011
R18IQFLK6F3L6B::Great Headset At a Great Price::I'd priced these types of headsets elsewhere, and was surprised to see them at such a low price through Amazon. I initially purchased these headsets on somewhat of a "we'll see how they work" premise, I am very happy I took the chance. They're perfect for my line of work, are stealthy, and provide clear transmission and reception. I have to say it again, "Great headset at a great price!"::MJ Merrick::5.0::December 4, 2011
R3TM2WEYLU5JKC::Great product::This product completely met all of my expectations. It doesn't hurt your ear to have it in, and it doesn't fall out of your ear either. I even went jogging with it and it stayed in and worked perfectly. Would defiantly recommend to others.::nathaniel::4.0::November 10, 2011
R2WO25IQQH0H7W::Bksaka::Great value and quality for a headset.  Complements the midland ptt talkies with crisp and clear communication.  Rain and wind not an element to disturb the quality of your communcation.  Highly reccommend - great value!::Bksaka::5.0::October 9, 2011
R1EEE39D369XJD::AVP-H3 Review::This product from Midland is a very useful and definitely worth the money. The earpiece fit well and did not cause any distractions. The microphone worked OK, however I did not use it often. The clip did not fall off.Overall, I would give this product a 4 out of a 5 star rating.::LP::4.0::July 5, 2011
RQ211YD0P0FAA::works good::Works really well just wish it would fit ears better tube doesn't always stay over ear and trys to work its way off.Haven't had a chance to see if I could remold the tube to see if that will help.Believe I could either trim the tube or heat it a little to form it where I want it to stay::Outlawal::4.0::May 3, 2011
R1BHNNEAIZX369::Great product, Great price::Nice clean, easy to open packaging by Midland. Both units functioned out of the box. Sound quality is superb and plenty of volume (I wouldn't recommend whispering in heavy traffic though). The Mic/PTT button functions perfectly, though the button isn't large enough to function reliably when wearing heavy gloves. VOX function works perfectly. The PTT/Mic assembly has a fairly rugged looking metal alligator clip on the back, and the earbud wire clip is plastic but appears hefty enough. The earpiece does sit deep in the ear and may be uncomfortable for some users. The earpiece does impair hearing slightly while inserted but not much. Overall, this is a quality and rugged looking product. I just recieved these today, 23-MAR-2011, as I use them more I will update this review.::J. J. Eastman "The Onion"::5.0::March 23, 2011
R22TIX02GQNVFG::This was an excellent purchase::Ok, this is a MUST have if you're want reliability, sound quality...even using VOX (tap the mic [lightly] and 2 secondes later you'r 'live! Excellent for people who have a hard time hearing. Stability is the one area where I 'fault' it. And that is due to my personal perk about desiring a Pc. that stays put. This tends to fall out a little too easily for my liking.However, if you clip the back on and allow for maximum room of white/clear cord it stays just fine. However, that allows for it to be seen easier, or harder to conceal....Overall, I would recommend this to anyone who wants a great item at an even greater price. Usually, you  get what you pay for, in this case, I came out ahead-you will also!::Shooyter::5.0::March 10, 2011
R1X1Y8LG68XXU7::Midland AVPH13 headset::I love the headsets, they work perfectly, the sound is clear and clean.  I would strongly recommend the headsets to anyone using the Midland Radios::ocasio2245::5.0::March 5, 2011
R2D38PYF14ZPHJ::Midland AVPH3 headset::I am very pleased with this headset.  It is very comfortable and actually stays in place, unlike the one provided with my Midland radios.  I use it for when I'm hunting so I can communicate with hunting buddies without spooking the game.  Works great!::T. Wall::5.0::February 17, 2011
R3LT7O64R6X5IL::Amazing Midland quality.::Stop researching already and buy these now. Great quality and Great brand well known Midland. I bought these because I'm in the Security field, an executive protection agent aka(body guard). These work great for traveling in my line of work. They are comfortable for 12 hour security shifts. Five stars all around. Remember microphone is not meant to be worn on sleeve of shirt but by your chest area. To clarify earlier comments. Love the quality for the price Midland put on these.::Eric R.::5.0::February 17, 2011
R2WS44X5ZUXS38::Midland AVPH3 Transparent Security Headsets with PTT/VOX (Pair)  Review::I received the Midland AVPH3 Transparent Security Headsets with PTT/VOX (Pair) Product.  I am 100% pleased with this product.  I tested it immediately and was very happy to experience the results.  The product was brand new, as advertised, exceptionally at discount price, had better than expected appearance, and functioned perfectly.  I highly recommend this product.::EB::5.0::February 8, 2011
R3L5W923J3UFYD::Should have been included in the first place::These are great headsets, far better than the ones that came with the radios.  We actually threw the ones that came with them away, they were useless, and replaced them with these.  The comfort and fit of these is wonderful and they are easy to use.::Book Reader 54321 "Book Reader 54321"::5.0::February 2, 2011
RTY5FPPVXFKIT::Very Good Quality::I am a geocacher and i use these when i go with other people to help us communicate. the sound quality in these are amazing and i would reccomend these for anyone::James Burton::5.0::January 17, 2011
R3JLVX1JCYSNTQ::Excellent choice::These headsets have been an excellent choice for our program. They are discreet, comfortable to wear, easy to use, and they provide the confidentiality of conversation we were looking for. They enable me to stay in contact with the rest of my team without causing a distraction or disruption in classrooms I am in. We are all thrilled! Thank you for the great product- and the outstanding price!::SPED Teacher::5.0::January 10, 2011
R2MAQ4VUGNL1WX::Headset for sporting needs, like skiing/snowboarding!::Just finished up a weekend in Tahoe skiing and snowboarding and used these headsets to keep in touch on the mountain.  When it's cold out, all the more reason not to pull off the gloves and go digging for your radio - so these babies sure did help.  Only briefly tested the VOX feature, but found that it picked up random breathing and rustling from jackets, or missed the first half of the sentence.  Probably could have brought the sensitivity down one level to help out, but decided to switch to push to talk mode instead.  This worked out great with the button fairly easy to push with gloves on with the mic clipped onto our jacket collars right in front of our mouths.  Worked great for our needs.  Next, I'll try it out while on bicycles and may give the VOX feature another go... always miss out on chatting with my girlfriend while we're pedaling about.  Oh, and I'll probably give it a try next time I head out to paintball with friends.The ear bud was comfortable after doing some minor adjustments and determining that they don't have to be placed very deep in the ear canal at all.  In fact, I used mine under my snowboard helmet without issue or discomfort all day.  Sound quality was pretty good (given a clear signal, of course).Overall, I'm pretty happy with these so far.  And as others mentioned, you get interesting looks (usually of respect and authority) from those who see these headsets, but while skiing, we were totally incognito!::B. Ross::4.0::January 3, 2011
R1TNP6TKZFE00F::Very nice add on for the Midland::They look and feel as you spect. Great quality and materials. Tested and work great. Nice voice activated to PTT switch. More stable during sports (Bycicle in my case). Go get yours...::Oscar B. Oses "Oscarix"::5.0::October 1, 2010
R1DOIEA86VIFNO::Much more comfortable than the standard issue::I ordered these to replace the standard earpieces that came with the Midland radios.  The earpiece is extremely comfortable, and the sound quality is good.  The microphone leaves something to be desired, especially when using VOX mode.  I found I had to speak directly into the mike at close range rather than speak normally with it clipped to my clothing six inches away.Still, it's a great improvement over the uncomfortable setup that comes with the radios.::Wanderer::4.0::July 19, 2010
R7M949HU3BXS8::Works pretty well::I used one of these on a long bike ride to keep in touch with my support crew. It's very light and comfortable, you almost forget something is in your ear. Sound quality is very good. The only hiccup was that the volume through the headset decreased while the volume wasn't changed on the 2-way radio. I may have gotten it wet. I had a backup headset and it worked fine. I'll have to retest the one that went quiet on me.::Chaz::4.0::July 19, 2010
R2S8W748UZPCI6::Works Good.::Tried it only in the right ear.  Surprised at all the wiring needed and they tangle easily.  Makes things a little hassle to slip under your clothes.  But when everything is attached right, it's all out of the way, prim and a comfortable fit.The mike can be attached anywhere you need it on the front for easy or covert access.Has two clips that is used to keep the all the wiring in the right place.  One for the mike attachment wire and the other for the ear attachment wire.  The mike clip rotates for different ways to attach to your clothes.You should do a dry run to make sure you clip everything where you want it to be and it stays that way.  You don't want to walk around with wires exposed in the collar, chest, or belt area.  The excess wire should be tied up and tucked somewhere.Sound is clear and the mike button are easy to use.  There is a VOX and PTT option on the mike.All seems of high quality but have not tested for long-term use.::Nom De Plume "East Coast Nut"::5.0::June 15, 2010
R1V1UJOSL6GVSQ::Good price and quality::The price is reasonable and the quality is good.  Shipping time is also reasonable.::Luan K. Lieu::4.0::May 30, 2010
R3LG5KF708FSVC::Great Headsets::These work great with my Midlands I feel like the Secret service wearing them, you just have to make sure to have the mic in the right place otherwise you wont broadcast anything::J. M. Whitmore::5.0::March 30, 2010
R17AF8LA2SJPU6::survellance earpiece::Being in the Security Business I have found this to be very helpful tool...compfortable to wear and mostly hands free.::Sal P. Piscitello "Sal Piscitello"::4.0::March 26, 2010
R3PQLNDPSZB44V::Decent, but not perfect::These earpieces run circles around the boom headsets included with the Midland GXT1000! The earpiece itself is as comfortable as any bluetooth earpiece I've ever used, though it does get uncomfortable after long periods if you don't get it situated just right (not unexpected). The clear plastic part is very professional-looking if the wires are run a certain way. The earpiece stays in place fairly well even through moderate physical activity, but starts to slip easily with perspiration.The sound quality is excellent and met all of my expectations, though I was a little disappointed by the lack of a volume boost for use in noisy environments (such as a dance club where I do security). The microphone is okay, but not great. In quiet environments, it operates as expected. With a lot of background noise, mic transmissions quickly become distorted and you have to practically swallow the mic to get your message out.The length of the ear-to-mic wire isn't quite long enough to allow versatility in how you want to wire it (as some reviewers said, it can't usually be wired near your wrist unless the wearer is exceptionally short of stature, for example). The mic-to-radio wire is long enough to wear the radio almost anywhere on your belt without risking limited mobility or accidental disconnection.The durability of the coiled part of the plastic earpiece is unimpressive. After about 60 hours of use over the course of a few weeks, the coiled part has started to lose some of its elasticity (it stretches but doesn't readily return to its fully-coiled state). I fear that the same may be true with the over-ear loop, which seems to best fit in the right ear, and sticks out a little too much from the left ear.Overall, this is a must-have for the Midland GXT1000, primarily because the included boom headsets stink on ice. It's also a recommended accessory for other two-pin radios if you need a clear, professional solution.::Bryan R. Shepard::4.0::March 9, 2010
R2BBSWSQFRGI7X::Good but could be louder::I like these headsets.. they are comfortable and very easy to use.. the two issues i found are as follows:1) They could be a bit louder.. i use them in a loud setting and have to really focus to make out what others are saying2) The wire to the mic could be longer. I am 6'2 so i feel the wire pulling when i set up the mic on my suit jacket.Other wise these are pretty solid.::Amit Bhambi "AB"::3.0::March 4, 2010
R2XPI2AI3EIF9H::VERRY GOOD::Verry nice i love it is verry good for your ears my sons loved it to and my wify said there is your new toy..::Francisco De Jesus Jr. "F.DEJESUS JR"::5.0::February 27, 2010
R2WC41CPP8J9QX::Great for Snowboarding::I use these with my Midland Walkie Talkies when me and my brother go snowboarding and it makes it very convenient.  No problems, they hold up pretty well even when beaten with snow.::George L. Martinez III::5.0::August 19, 2009
R2Y73RM285VR6::Ear Piece/Mic::This product works perfect for the secuirty positions I currently use them in, only one is the cord is a little long in certain areas and not long enough in others, but its a great product and has lasted through the testing .::Robert Potter::4.0::February 18, 2008
R3OCPYGKQB05EE::AWESOME AND AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!::I am 14 and wanted to get something to communicate when i play paintball, i earned 50$ and bought these with some midland radios and they are amazing it works great especially for paintball and it makes you look freaking legit and awesome overall they are great just get them but make sure to have midland radios with side by side jacks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!::bird::5.0::September 15, 2011
R151OJLMGTHFLR::Great earpiece, short on longevity::I work at an after school child care facility. Often, we might need someone's attention across the room, but it's too loud for them to hear, and innapropriate to yell. These fit the bill perfectly! We finagled around with the earpieces a little (the look like they would get painful after a while) and shelled out a little more money for surefire earpro comm ear. I think the number is ear pro ep-1 or ep2.It slides right on where the original earpiece comes off. It allows you to have a normal conversation during the time that there are no transmissions, then allows you to hear what is being said on the radio if a member of your team needs something. Perfect!THE ONLY REASON THESE DID NOT EARN A 5 STAR:While these earpieces fit the bill, we used them in the summer up until about a month ago when volume quality went way down, and some stopped working altogether. An earpiece should last more than 5 months.We have since bought more as replacements, since there doesn't seem to be any alternatives out there; just know that for casual occasional use, these work. For prolonged daily use, factor in a replacement fee. The warranty on these things runs at something like 90 days.If midland would step up the quality on these things, I'd love to give them a better review. Bottom line, they are great for short duration. For anything longer than a few months of use, they are garbage.::James D. Wampler::2.0::December 6, 2010
R10TGMCHSW23IZ::Headset::We were a bit disappointed with these headsets. The microphone has to be held very close to the mouth in order for the other person(s) to be heard. The volume of the radio must be at maximum in order to hear well especially in a noisy condition.::John L. Newman "COC"::3.0::December 17, 2009
R1OVXMP14R209P::Handsfree radio operation is useful::This product works well with my midland radio.  I have to speak up a little because the other person sometimes wont hear me.  The mic in the radio works better, but the handsfree is useful.::Samuel Sooknanan::4.0::January 17, 2008
R17MLQ2JFPQJU1::works great!::used this product while filming with a team on a wedding, where discreet communication is a must.coupled with a midland radio Midland GXT1000VP4 36-Mile 50-Channel FRS/GMRS Two-Way Radio (Pair  Black/Silver)while whispering, we hear each other loud & clear! =]highly recommended.::Geronimo Tambong::5.0::October 4, 2011
R144YXGZLFF7V1::Works great when you need your hands free.::It fits comfortably in my ear.  The cords are much longer that I need.  I think they are designed to allow the mic to go down your sleeve, but I clip it to my lapel.  Bother transmit & receive work well.  Receive mode is clear and I've had no complaints about the clarity of my transmissions.::B. Baber "scubabruce"::5.0::April 2, 2014
R25UQO35GIMCB6::They're great!::Although I have an older version of these (at least I believe they're older - they look slightly different from the ones in the picture) - they work great.  My friends and I use them for crew work for our high school's theater productions.  In the past, we used to have to text each other, or run around to tell each other things.  Texting didn't quite work since it took a while, and since we were in the middle of a concrete & brick building, reception wasn't too good.  Running around was tiring, and sometimes you didn't have the time to do such, especially if it was in the middle of a show.  Now with these, in partnership with the LXT118 radios, we're able to run our shows much more smoother and better.  Whether it be light and sound cues, set changes, or simply just chatting - these work great.  Clear sound and everything.The only reason that I'm not giving it 4 stars is because of the length of the cables.  I clip the microphone onto the top of my collar, and to be able to have the wires hidden from plain sight, as well as having the earpiece running down the side of the head and down to the back of your neck, I would have to do an awkward stretch of running the wire from the microphone, around my waist, and then up my back.  It would just barely be under my armpit.  Being a fidgety person myself, it wasn't too much of an issue once you got it hooked up, and even hooking it up wasn't too bad.  Another slightly annoying thing was that it kept coming off of the top of my ear (the tube would), and I would keep pulling it out.  Then again - I do wear glasses - but still.  They're still great earpeices, and it's fun to walk around with them in.  I would recommend them to anyone who is interested in purchasing them.::Kevin R.::4.0::March 23, 2014
R1VVDKMCV8QK1W::Good product::Got here fast but didn't fit my device! Nothing was wrong with it just bought the wrong kind! Would buy to again if needed!::Ursela Hybridge::3.0::March 7, 2014
R6AEW0YTFBME8::I do love these and the Midland recharable radios as well.::We use these for our church security radios and they work very well.  The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 star rating is that it would be REALLY nice if they would sell some replaceable parts for the tiny piece that sits in your ear. Sometimes when you have community used earpieces they get waxed filled.  Yuck!  We have bought one for everyone as a result but still keep a few around to be shared by those who forget theirs and they get disgusting fast.  (guys!)  For a $10 earpiece that is not cheap to replace just for lack of a way to clean or replace a plastic piece for pennies.::Kelly A Russell::4.0::February 28, 2014
R3UJA7U04GK1ZF::Midland headset::The Midland ANPH3 Security headsets were not useable.  They didn't fit the 2 prong radios I used so I had to send them back.::ginnpark::2.0::October 25, 2013
R31ZIMTKXX9D1H::Great product, BUT....::This is a very comfortable product.  I wear it nearly all day (at home, around town, and so on), it's very reliable.  However, when they pull the ear tips out of the mould there are a little point on the opening that goes into your ear, which makes wearing them quite painful and difficult.  To alleviate this, take some 100 and 180 grit sand paper (or sanding sponge) and remove the edge.  Afterwards, it's extremely comfortable and well worth the purchase no matter what radio you use it with.::Reviewer::4.0::September 4, 2013
R13GSVF1BNFO5K::Not so great::First the History:  Our quest was to find a solution for Bike to Bike communications.  Research indicated the choices were a built for Bike to Bike item ($299 - $500)  like Sena's using FM and having a fairly short range or Two way radio.  Further research showed that the Bike to Bike offerings had very mixed reviews including range, battery replacement and performance in general.  And for the cost, the extras (listen to Ipod, FM Radio, etc) were not enough to justify the cost or the potential performance issues.  So... Two way Radio it is.The Midland Radio's were fine and met our expectations however the APVH3 left much to be desired:On the receiving end (the ear piece) it was comparable to what comes with the Midland radios (why did I buy the extra?) Not better not worse.  The issue (and failure to meet expectations) was on the microphone side.  Even with the mike 1/4 in from my mouth, the receiver (the other radio) could not hear very well.  And all of this was inside without any road noise!  Clipping it on your shirt or even the strap on your helmet simply does not work.So far, for our intended use, this product is useless and the headsets that came with the Radio were just as good (which to say they are not any better).  If your going to use this product you need to be in a quite environment and have the mike within a 1/4" or so to your mouth.  I'm gona look at throat mikes next.::Neal::2.0::August 15, 2013
R227J2IQZ0NEK3::5 stars again::I recently orderd 4 two way radios that came with their own headsets Avph1,so just out of curiosity I decided to purchase two avph3,to see how they would do these head sets are awsome and works better than good compaired to the avph1, we are contracted to work night clubs on the weekends with the extreemely loud music I  could hear and be heard loud and clear, and the best part about it all is I could only hear the person I was speaking to reguardless of the extreemly loud music in this night club.had to give them 5 stars.they work well for what I needed them for next I have to complete replacing the AVPH1 and will be ordering more.Thank you!::Reginald H.::5.0::August 4, 2013
RD64X6B9NISKH::Used for paintball::Works great. Used these for a full day paintball war we were recently in. Had no problems. Good product and cheap!::Nick "Nick"::5.0::July 18, 2013
R25FPXMAW7BGRX::Good for scenario paintball players::The headphones are excellent accessories for scenario paintball players. They are very comfortable and easy to use. I highly recommend them::Franklin Gonzalez::4.0::January 30, 2013
R2R1AZO22CQTXT::These are my go to set::I love this set. This is my second pair, I lost my first pair. They fit nice, stay secure and the sound is crystal clear! Very happy with this purchase.::Munoz::5.0::January 2, 2013
R2UFQF8JJT4INS::Not working correctly::My friend bought a set of these off amazon and I borrowed them to use while hunting.  Hers worked great, I bought a set of my own and they do not.  I can hear anyone else on the radio through the ear bud, but when i push the PTT button to talk back to them, all they hear is static.  Not happy with this purchase.  Might try another set, might not, debating at this time.  Two stars was because the clarity of the ear bud only.::Jason Garrett::2.0::December 21, 2012
R3A80KLHBQQU2G::Love!::I bought these for hunting.  I have been using the Midland headsets that come with the two way radios and these by far blow them out of the water!  Sound quality is great, even when my husband is watching some deer walk by and whispering to me about it!  Comfort level is amazing!  The other headsets hurt my ears after even one hour of wearing!  I would get fed up and take them out.  A few days after I received these we had a two day hunting trip, I wore my headset both days all day with no issues!::Tamara Riddle::5.0::December 19, 2012
R8CE7CYR66VVF::Don't leave Amazon without 'em!::These are essential to using our radios in a noisy environment.  Takes the Midland radios we paired these with out of the toy category.::Dave Rice::5.0::December 15, 2012
R1I6DD1UXT53QA::Works great.::Clear sound. Stays in ear no matter the terrain.  Very comfortable. I've had other earbuds that made your ear hurt wore this all day with no problem.::Elmers Grassman::5.0::December 11, 2012
R3U9PTENIIXLLE::PERFECT::fits on the ear nicely and does the job well.  Just what my wife and I need for our ATV riding.::walter::5.0::December 5, 2012
R1B9P2S47B4QTS::Good product::Nothing overwhelming but good quality for a great price used this for my bar security headsets good length and convenient size for most people including larger security guards.::Ryan::4.0::December 1, 2012
RMRE5QRM641BF::Amazing::This product is exactly what I needed for backstage communication. This reduced interrupting walkie talkie sound by 100%. A ++++++::Chris Bass::5.0::December 1, 2012
R3PALHE83O8H7G::Two way radio headsets::We purchased these to use with our motorcycle helmets. We could only use the PTT feature because of the wind noise. They are a quality product but not made for this type of application. Worked great otherwise.::James::5.0::December 1, 2012
R2DV0BGICBW94M::Does the job - a little uncomfortable::I bought these to use with Midland Consumer Radio LXT560VP3 36-Channel GMRS with NOAA Weather Alert and 26 Mile Range.  They do the job but the ear piece gets a little uncomfortable after a while.  Not a big deal.  I would buy these again.::Paul D. Holder::4.0::November 25, 2012
R2O4T0LJE3L29X::Great Sound Fidelity::PTT button is large enough you can hit it wearing gloves, earpiece conducts sound very well. Only two gripes are that the wires are a little too long for how I mount my radio and the earpiece doesn't stay in my ear. Both are easy to fix though; tuck in the extra wire and pick up an aftermarket earpiece.::Helo::4.0::November 24, 2012
R291FPE1COFZJ8::Good price, works great!::Bought these for a set of Midland Xtra talk radios.  Fit fine, work fine, and the price was very good.::F. Hensley "thens47"::5.0::November 24, 2012
RUVXANFNAAV71::Good::I use these for different events that I am involved in that are in loud environments! I can hear all of my co workers great!::Eric Lind::5.0::November 11, 2012
R1RBMM7RY019EZ::working unit with gloves::use this for Airsoft games and find the button is hard to use with standard game gloves.  these are of type Mechanix thickness.  if not using gloves the button works wonderfully.  suggested use is for non-glove activities...  :)  audio quality is very good.::cat5patsch::4.0::October 18, 2012
R2TC4JL42NXBG1::These are simply wonderful::They function properly and fit into ears well. I found them great and ready to use straight out of the box, I recommend these to anything else.::DJY::5.0::October 14, 2012
R1AN96WDPX4U0W::Security Headsets::Midland AVPH3 Transparent Security Headsets with PTT/VOX - PairWe use the headsets in our office to communicate between rooms along with the midland 2 way radio's the assistants & hygienist love them.::beechmontsmiles::5.0::October 8, 2012
R1ED2QKNXWX2E4::Gets the job done::I bought these headsets to use as security for a noisy bar.  We had the radios first with the free headsets that were all but useless.  These ear pieces changed that, I can now hear what is said, and the ear piece acts like an ear plug for that ear.  They are a little uncomfortable after a few hours, but not bad at all.  Overall I'm glad I bought them and they work well.::Tim2K::4.0::September 27, 2012
RURBC1XA1RUVY::Midland AVPH3 Treansparent Security Headset::This head set Midland AVPH3 Transparent Security Headsets with PTT/VOX (Pair)could be better if the coiled around the head section were longer to assist with keeping the ear bud in the ear canal. The mounting clip for the voice unit needs to be more user friendly for right or left side clip on (perhaps a larger clip as well would help).  The unit has good sound clarity. If your choice of a headset is this or a "hard shell over the ear holder type or a headphone style which closes off both ears, I would purchases the AVDP set again).  Amazon has the better price on this unit and timely shipping.::djnorthwoods::3.0::September 10, 2012
R2128Q7Z5EJTVK::Work as intended::I highly recommend this product with the Midland series walkie-talkies. I use these for live event video production. These work perfectly. I have tried other brands and these are the best. They are the only ones that work. I recommend these and nothing else, there are no substitutes.::Rexomus "One man with courage makes a majority."::5.0::September 3, 2012
R1KIV52PAVGWAQ::Sensational::Work excellent just like the professionals ones for a fraction of the price. I love them plus u can take it in the car or motorcycle.::atforo::5.0::September 2, 2012
R2GCDY374N5VZ2::Security For Clubs::I have 10 clubs in Beverly Hills to LA. My Body Guards are all army rangers and they say these work like the army.I recommend for every one.::pppaaayyyoakcreek::5.0::August 1, 2012
R267O8HMSSM87R::Midlan AVPH3 Transparent Security Headset::These headsets are very legit. I'm an avid gamer with airsoft and coming on the field with your rifle and these in your ears makes the experience much more real and intense. I love the communication and sound that comes out of them, I recommend trying these !::Defmex::5.0::July 30, 2012
R3SYYW4WWH5QKR::Security Headsets::These are fulfilling their purpose without any complaint.  The construction is great and the price was just as good.  The only issue we have is keeping them in our ears, but that could be because of our activities.::Crystal A. Mcclide::5.0::July 16, 2012
R6DPE5NX9D8N1::Work well But not the best for cycles in motion.::We wanted to communicate between riders in motion without spending 400.00 for wireless sets.  I give this a 4 star because they work well but they have definite limits when the bike is traveling at highway speeds due to wind noise.  Using them with the Midland 2-way radios.  They work well but I use an open face helmet and the voice is garbled when riding at highway speeds.  Just when I want to talk to other riders.  We will experiment with throat mikes to cut down on the wind issue.  I like these better than the boom mikes that came with the radios.  We know that you have to get used to the delay before speaking after keying the mike.  We also know that a good shouted few words at highway speed can mostly be heard and makes you pay attention to your fellow riders signals.  A good highway speed mike with the midland radios is the key....any suggestions?::Steven O. McDaniel::4.0::July 3, 2012
R3QW44ZU49SUU7::Great Product::This item is a must. We use them in our church for our ushers. They look really professional and would recommend them to anyone that needs to use walkie talkies without having to scream into them.::L. Leon "DueceL3"::5.0::June 27, 2012
R2429FTQSCXQLI::most comfortable headset!::Me and About 5 other guys I regularly play paintball with bought these headsets, the ear piece is so comfortable no complaints after wearing it all day under a paintball mask for a 1.5 day scenario game, and the Mic quality is very good picks up normal slightly lower volume voices through the mask when mounted to our vests. I have heard that these aren't the most durable pair out there but at this price for two id buy an extra pack to keep for just in case situations::mike::5.0::June 20, 2012
R2MB1N3HJFKLZT::Midland AVPH3 Headsets::These headsets are very good replacements for the boom mics that come with the radios. Good PTT operations along with VOX. They transmit very well. They look too delicate for use but are rather rugged and work very well for hiking or rock climbing.::Buckeye Rich::5.0::May 15, 2012
R1PTL5GNB6SW00::Work very well, extremely satisfied::These things are really great for the price. They are super clear, and the earbud part is really comfortable even over longer periods of time. Sometimes I forget that I even have it in. I bought these to replace a throat mic I had that was really sporadic about working properly with my midland radios. I use them playing paintball, and I just clip the mic onto the inside front grill of the mask. Holds snug and works really well using vox or an alternate ptt button.::Skywalker::5.0::April 13, 2012
R1QB2YCVTJWXIK::great headseats::These are the best headseats ever you, need a walkie talkie though buy this item it's the best! believe me get them::?::5.0::April 6, 2012
RSTXEJYS2IWUE::Pretty nice headsets!::I use these headsets backstage at my local theater. They work great in quiet conditions. The only complaint I may have is that it's a bit confusing figuring out how to wear them most efficiently and without cables dangling around my neck.::Sam Altenberger::4.0::April 4, 2012
R2RFPPSJGHP1G5::Nice::So i ordered these because i always see these people on tv wearing it so i was interested and when i seen a comment saying it works with ipods i immediately ordered this and i very well like it. wore it to school and literally like 100 people went up to me and were like "oh shit, are you like a secret agent or something working for the FBI? where did you get those." i just respond saying thats classified information. the sound isnt the greates but its good enough for me::Joseph Ruiz::4.0::March 14, 2012
RUPQKQYHEEX7U::Great Item!::I use these headsets at work everyday and they work wonderful! This was my first time using headsets, and I was NOT disappointed. I use them in a high traffic environment, that is really nosy. So if you want a comfortable, clear & crisp sounding headset this is the one for you!::Mogannam57::4.0::February 24, 2012
R3UI63BY43MEWL::Work great!::These work great with my FRS radios...we use them at the deer camp. The mic is in the PTT, took me a while to figure that out...duh! Once I discovered that, I am very happy with the performance of these head sets...I picked up another set.::Very Happy::5.0::January 25, 2012
RNUJWN7EE3YMV::Amazing::Me and my father love these, we use them for hunting and it is just amazing, i put the walkie talkie on the lowest volume setting but i can still hear it in my ear.::tompooch620::5.0::November 20, 2011
R1M48C6D46T4SW::Totally Worth It::I would even pay full price for these. They are great! And good thing they are a lot cheaper on here. The only bothersome thing I have to say about it is that the cord from the earpiece that goes to the wrist mic, is kind of short, and my stature is normal (6'0"). It is way cool and tons of fun and works great!::Jackson23::5.0::March 15, 2011
R3GZH31EQ9ZTX0::OK for hunting with a slight modification::I have used these now for two years and am modifying my review. We use these mics while hunting. The microphone is the weakest part of the system. You need to have the microphone almost in your mouth in order to be heard by other radios. You can't be heard if you have the microphone clipped to your shirt or lapel. We have six of these in our group and all have the same transmission problems with very weak pick-up. That said given the other options for the price it works as long as you put the microphone next to your lips. The ear piece is very comfortable but can dislodge itself if the cord is bumped or pulled when mounting your gun. This can be easily solved by picking up some Macks ear plugs, the inexpensive, wax type used for swimming. Place the mic plug in your ear and then cover it up with the wax. It will keep the ear piece firmly in place and will act as an additional sound brake to reduce gun noise. The product works, but is not great by any means.::User in Stockholm::3.0::May 20, 2010
R2VTSD2536ENMW::AMAZING!!!!::This product is really good if you're dealing with radios that have that type of plug on them. It allows you to hear even with loud things going on around (even a fighter jet flying by at 50 AGL doesn't disturb the sound). Great product!!!!::sgtfan::5.0::September 18, 2011
RJIUYKY58UV8E::Their good, I have complaints though. :\::These are a good earpieces. They look cool. -Especially if you have a beanie hat on! ;) They don't fit in my ear well. There are really small earbuds, with make them extremely prone to falling out. They feel really rough in my ears sometime. They are SUCH NICE SOUND!!! The walkie-talkies I got didn't work with these, unfortunately... I got this to work in my iPod, and the sound is very nice for an earpiece!Good: They look like an earpiece that local/federal agencies would wear. They have a lot of cord which can be good and bad, I guess... VERY good sound!!!Bad: The earpiece is small and it falls out and/or feel loose a lot. The earpiece doesn't feel to padded and that makes it uncomfortable sometimes...Overall, they are good. Not GREAT! But they are decent ear-pieces, I like them. -I am not 100% satisfied with them though. The number 1 reason I gave this a 4 star is because, they can get so uncomfortable sometimes.::IKECH545::4.0::June 24, 2011
R2QLFL3ZPUI9QU::Overall a great item::After buying the Midland GXT650 radio pair and using the boom mic I was unhappy with it because the mic is not very sensitive. You pretty much have to put the mic in your mouth in order for the other people to hear you. I ordered these thinking they would work well and I was correct. It is very versatile and attaches to your shirt very securely. However I noticed a lot of people complaining that they do not reach to their wrist and that is because they are not made to, they are designed to clip on your collar or button. I use the PTT function instead of VOX due to the fact that VOX activates when you talk, therefor when you are talking to someone your radio will activate and everyone else will hear what you are saying, so I prefer the PTT function instead. You can hear every word very well and you don't have to put the mic right up to your mouth either which is nice,they also are discrete and very professional looking. However, I have noticed after wearing them for a long period of time they start to hurt your ear and make it sore. I usually take it just out of my ear and turn it up a notch and I can still hear it very well. Overall I am very satisfied with this product. The reason the price is high is because you are paying for two of them.::B. Wright "Search and Rescue Member"::5.0::June 6, 2010
R3G5BBU4O5PO62::Midland AVPH3 Transparent Security Headsets::First the negative.  You must have the talk piece close to your mouth (some more expensive sets you can place away) or you will not hear much of anything.  That is it for the negatives.  They fit great in the ear, push to talk/voice activated option works great.  They have clips to clip the talk and push to talk piece on your clothing/gear. There is plenty of slack in the lines for placing the set where you want to on your gear/body. I have used them while being quite active in the woods and they hold in place and do what they are supposed to do.  I have mine hooked up to the Midland GXT950VP4 and they are a good accessory to have.::A. Lager::4.0::May 9, 2009
R22INEJCQU9A74::Good Set::Works better than a over the head "Head Set". The ear piece speaker should be a little louder. I use this for when I go ATV'n. Still, does work good.::L. Jones::4.0::April 3, 2009
RDX2161PWYP5U::Works great and comfortable::Used these skiing at Mammoth Mountain in CA with a pair of Midland 900 GMRS.  The VOX setting did not work well (even after messing with the sensitivity) but the PTT worked great.  The mic was easy to work even with ski gloves and the earpieces fit neatly under the head wear and stayed in place mostly.  I will be keeping these.::Nero's Fiddle::5.0::January 20, 2009
R1G6QMLZ7S6MST::very satisfied::I have been very satisfied with this headset purchase.  They have worked well for my hunting endeavors.::Scott Cornelius::4.0::February 18, 2008
RFX9EMI3FJBV9::Compatible with iPod::I ordered this to enable covert listening to an iPod at boring meetings, church, etc.  :)The earpiece is reasonably comfortable, but will take some getting used to. The earpiece fits equally well in my left and right ears.It is compatible with my iPod Touch. The connecter is a two-prong block. One prong is multi-conductor for the mic and PTT control, and the other is a standard mono headphone connector. Both connectors are "male." The block connections look a lot like my old consumer grade Motorola radio accessories.It's not as loud as regular earbuds, but it's loud enough for my needs. If it's not loud enough for you, buy a battery powered headphone amplifier. You're already carrying a radio and a wire, what's another device or two?  :)In all, it's a good set. I'm happy with it. If it ever gets broken, lost, stolen, or confiscated by the KGB, I'll probably buy the same thing again.::R. Proctor::4.0::October 19, 2010
RSDD6CDG7FEZ2::Great for paintball, Crystal clear::I was shocked at how well it picks up voices. I bought 2 pairs of these and brought them paintballing with some friends. I was a little worried about how I was going to clip them under our masks when I found out you can hear the other person perfectly from several inches away. We didn't even have to tilt our heads down to talk into it, even when we were whispering while sneaking around (it was a 24 hour game). I had no problem with the earpiece, it fell out a few times because I was so sweaty but besides that it stayed in and I often forgot it was there.My only complaint was that the VOX didn't work on any of them so we had to press the button everytime we wanted to talk, which was perfect for the majority of the game but some parts I found myself wishing I could. There wasn't a manual that came with so I couldn't troubleshoot and figure out why VOX never worked. But overall these headsets are amazing and were invaluable during our game. I would highly recommend these.::Ryan Hogan::4.0::September 23, 2012
R7TQYU7L3LQME::Great Buy::I use these headsets as a worker for our local sports tournaments.  It is now easy and discrete to communicate between other workers and security.  The sound quality is great and the noise canceling is a good aspect for using these outside.  They are comfortable to wear and work great with the 18-mile Midland 2-way radios that we use.::Klow::5.0::July 26, 2011
R1KAOWXSY6IKWW::Great for hunting, but no good for security work in noisy environment::Good product for hunting and quiet environments, not enough adjustment in volume with midland radios for noisy security work, such as pub or concert.::David from Australia::4.0::January 2, 2011
R10VJSTWYE0CFO::Alright for the price::These headsets are alright for the price. I am sure the Secret Service or FBI won't be buying one anytime soon though. The earpiece has a hard time staying in certain people's ears. The mic is on a bit of a short cord, making it hard to find a good location. The clip on the mic feels cheap and could break any moment.Bottom Line: if your budget minded these headset will work fine.::Shaun Miller "CPC-Tech"::3.0::June 28, 2009
R35HYZAE4XXVDJ::Worth it!::I purchased these because I work at a camp full time. During the summer, all of our upper staff are on radio. These make talking and listening so easy! Also, parents I interact with aren't bothered by my radio going off during conversation. These are the perfect devices. If you need to transmit over a long distance (our camp is 100 acres), then these will not work on the very edges. After use, I noticed that on the far ends of our grounds, our radios transmit clearer without the headset attached. That being said, around our main grounds, these little guys are terrific!::Ken Wojnarowski::5.0::June 1, 2014
R1CAB2DITSI7NH::I like them a lot::Fits great in your ear and fit great into my walkie talkie, it's sound come out very clear as we'll::Jason Zent::5.0::May 31, 2014
R1YMZZWHGZQPRB::great product for the money::Product works perfectly. Sound quality is great. Crisp and Clear. Cables hook up and stay out of the way when in use.::Nick Hernandez::5.0::May 29, 2014
R34WU4JMZP4IKE::Great price, works really well!::Works awesome, clear sound, clear mic, and great price! Delivered relatively quickly, and I love them. I use them for airsoft, and they really help me on the field. The button on the mic is a little small for my large hands, but besides that, they're a dream.::Rowan Baxa::4.0::May 21, 2014
REOIZ0833E53::Crisp good::Im satisfied with my ear piece. You get a nice clear voice and looks good.Takes some time and get use to earpice but besides that its an awsome device.Jmbx::JOE::4.0::May 4, 2014
R2PNZHVCEQVSVT::Midland AVPH3 Transparent Security Headsets with PTT/VOX - Pair::This is a good product for the price. Earbud stays in the ear and the mic clips on and is easy to use.::Keith Manuel "mapleleaf"::5.0::April 28, 2014
R3RDLGRA7YY8FY::nice head set::bought one se had to return one headset did not work the other one work good. got in touch with Amazon and was sent a new set fast shipping on both  so far so good with the new set::Darryl Gunn::5.0::April 27, 2014
R2BUKPTDOGJPBA::Exactly what I needed!::This is the headset that was suggested by a local law enforcement person, and it was exactly what I needed for our church security team.  Top quality, good concealment, and easy to use.  I would suggest this item to anyone in the security field.::Lorenzo::5.0::April 22, 2014
R1I4F5U2JZVEGC::nice::very good, I love this product and is of excellent quality and very durable, it's everything I expected . .::ENYEDI E.::5.0::April 15, 2014
R3J52069XRF71Q::feel this  good  item if  working  good::I like  this  ear headset.thank you you guys  the bestI would buy other one  in the future  thank thank you::marvin medina::5.0::April 11, 2014
R3W0J4HEHWE2J2::Fit great, comfortable. Not good for nightclub security work, though.::The headsets are very comfortable for use in normal settings. My company uses them in a nightclub, however. These aren't loud enough to overcome the ambient noise. They also have very little, or no noise canceling when someone keys the mic to speak.::S. Murphy::4.0::April 11, 2014
R1YRJT61FP58TZ::Microphone did not function::When I plugged it into my Midland radio, the voice control was not working.  Audio and radio worked fine, but I could not use the microphone for the headset::Marc Cadag::3.0::April 6, 2014
R1STLBV8VNVF1H::Good feel to them::You never know when you will need to be silent. These help in doing so. They feel comfortable to wear and the sound is clear. I have tried them out extensively, but the test I did with them, they seemed to work fine.::C. Walker::5.0::April 3, 2014
R1B8J45PZM68DK::Good but could be better::I really like the earpiece but I work at a night club and when on the dance floor you can barely hear,other then that I would give a thumbs up::aaron::3.0::April 1, 2014
R1UN6B7RCI0UZJ::WARNING: This particular headset will not fit the Motorola CP200::WARNING: This particular headset will not fit the Motorola CP200. Which is a standard walkie talkie for film/television productions. I discovered this the hard way. However the production was exactly as I had ordered it, just the wrong one, so four stars.::sneakL::4.0::March 28, 2014
R2XACHTAAIQ0LK::OK::did not fit radios used by security companyapparently too "universal" not customized enoughgood quality though - will still order again another type::Gene Huot::3.0::March 23, 2014
R3FZTG1RGJS8CH::hands free headset::I bought a set,to go with my radios and they are great!I My partner and I keep our radios on the "vox" setting and we use our headsets on "ptt" so that we do not broadcast continuously.But,it's good to know,that we always have the option of using the vox,at the flip of the switch.Great accessories,thanks::Richard Gabriel Montoya::5.0::March 21, 2014
R211WNBEGMGEQP::great::goes great with my Midland LXT600VP3 best damn headset ever i want more of these soon to have for my guys::julian levine::5.0::March 16, 2014
R1WNOLB94116XK::Very nice.::Very useful in noisy places.  It's also useful while bike riding and communicating in a safe way on the fly.::K. Illingsworth "Unprivileged"::5.0::March 16, 2014
R2U5IIWS1WRVW9::Awesome Value::These headsets are very good, they transmit voice well, but I couldn't get the VOX option to work, but that might be an issue with the radios I bought rather than the headset themselves.::Bradley Ratliff::5.0::March 10, 2014
R1Y9H5X3CZZVGX::Excellent sound quality::These headsets are used in a public facility, safety and security environment.  Transmissions are very clear even when given in a very low voice.I don't consider the vox option a plus or a minus.  The only change that I would suggest is a more efficient use in wire management.  there is too much wire from the radio to the earpiece and too little to the mic.  Placement of the ptt mike is restricted due to the short cable (wire) length.All in all, a very good unit.::Wally::4.0::February 20, 2014
RY336ADBFHOAW::Midland AVPH3 Transparent Security Headsets with PTT/VOX - Pair::away to free your hands to do other things and to make what you hear and say private to all you talk to.::Jerry F. Smith::5.0::February 20, 2014
R3C8D0W4LO5X5T::Great Earpieces - DO NOT FIT BAOFENG UV5R+::These PTT earpieces are well built and seem to use quality materials. The only problem is that they DO NOT fit the UV5R+.::Regular Guy::5.0::February 17, 2014
R21OLU3HTPYLZK::Great!::This product fits perfectly in my ear and doesn't itch like some other products and it also sounds great to the other person on the other end.::Gixxervic::4.0::February 16, 2014
R21D2SNY1HUTHK::Great fit::Very comfortable fit, much better than the stock headsets that came with my Midland radios. I will be able to use these under my mask when hunting next year.::Aaron D::5.0::February 13, 2014
RHFV9BYQ4OQ4X::Great Gift::I bought these as a gift and they worked perfectly, I will buy more in the future since I can't find them in a store.::B::5.0::February 5, 2014
R3JMAGYKEMHBU8::Great love them.::Great for night clubs And bars. These head phones help better service your customers. I would recommend these to club owners.::jose velez::4.0::January 31, 2014
R3M7QGJLIBKB02::Do exactly what we need..::We have been using these for over a year now.  Working at a Dog Ranch having these helps in both hearing when the dogs are loud.  We do find we have to replace after 3-5 months. Also we have from time to time received one that didn't work. Have never had an issue getting is exchanged.::RanchBoss::4.0::January 30, 2014
R1JN2KZ3GI05K9::Works Great! Very Comfortable.::I had purchased a different headset to use but it was very uncomfortable. This one is great though. I forget that it is there. Sound comes through crisp and clear. Definitely a good buy.::Southpahl::5.0::January 30, 2014
R1T3KSLL4NWZMW::Nice for security, or working::I bought these for hunting. They are much better then the ones that come with the radios, but you have to talk up in these mics in order to be heard. Not something you want to do on a hunting trip. My wife saw a heard of Elk about 100 yards form her and she tried to get my attention. I could hear her saying something, but I could not make out one word. I will keep them for when I am working around the property. They work great for that kind of project, but I will not be taking them hunting again.::Plain Servant::5.0::January 26, 2014
R2MT2J2NITUFJP::Good::The ear piece is great for walkies-talkies.  The ear piece which goes to the ear is clear but a little to fat where is shows a little but better than black color.  Works perfect.::Estevan Villanueva::4.0::January 24, 2014
R1N108KGK9FV3Q::Product met expectations and fit well into our budget.::The headsets are very cost effective and the users like the flexible, soft earpieces.  We purchased at a great price!::Charlotte Carver::4.0::January 20, 2014
R3SX3TST52JGWX::Great Ear Piece Product::Midland LXT600VP3 36-Channel GMRS with 30-Mile Range, NOAA Weather Alert,... great ear piece product, easy to use, great sound. I would recommend these to everyone anytime and you don't have to be law enforcement to use them.::W, "Bomber" Mangum::5.0::January 16, 2014
R3VL6PVR7OVPUN::Great product!!!!!::Bought theses for a hunting trip, and they worked very well.  Used them on a 1000 acre ranch with lots of trees and had no trouble hearing at all.::Harrisjj6::4.0::January 13, 2014
RDXY3WK6SVWBU::A bit disappointed::I think these ear pieces are very nice other than the fact that the VOX option does not work at all. It has a little switch to switch between PTT and VOX modes. You are required to push the PTT button when the switch is in either mode. I was very disappointed to not have a VOX mode. That is the reason that I did not give the fifth star.::Jeffrey M.::4.0::January 11, 2014
R30G9AEUDLW0B0::good for ATV riding with midland radios::works good (not perfect,2 way radio needs to be louder)on my atv trips wile riding the quads. I would buy it again.Very comfotable.::new owner::5.0::January 10, 2014
ROGEDGUSQ20L5::Great Headset/Very Comfortable::I use these for hunting, they are very comfortable.  Clear hearing and transmission.  You do lose a some outdoor hearing in the ear that they are in as expected, however, the trade off is that they stay in all day even through tough thickets and extreme mobility.  Microphone clips to your shirt or jacket in an easy to use position even with gloves.  There are 2 things that you need to know about this style, one is that in extreme cold weather the flexable plastic may become stiff and less flexable, and two during snowing or freezing weather snow or the condensation from your breath can cause the microphone to ice up causing you to have to warm it or dry it to work properly again.  The quick fix for this was to keep it tucked inside the jacket for protection from the elements. This is my second set as I had to lend one to my hunting buddy and he won't give it back!::AGS3::5.0::January 9, 2014
R3DRMG57WILL3V::Comfortable and Affordable::I have nothing bad to say about this product. I use them for several conventions that I work. They are comfortable for long term use, affordable, and easy to clean and sanitize the ear bud comes off if you squeeze and pull and you can clean it that way.::Amy::5.0::January 7, 2014
RJN264PNOE57X::Great for hunting::My husband and I use these with our Midland LXT600VP3 radio's when we go out hunting. The only issue I've had is that sometimes it pops out of my ear, usually when I am wearing a full mask - but it's nothing I can't handle. We don't use the VOX feature when hunting, because we can hear each other's clothing rubbing the mic. I really like the PTT feature, and it does what it is suppose to do.::Mimi13::5.0::January 2, 2014
R1WOWS7P5RMGDX::DOESN'T WORK WITH BAOFENGS::GREAT PRODUCT!! product fits in my ear, has a long cable, and a nice design, BUT DOESNOT WORK WITH THE BAOFENG UV-5R OR THE BAOFENG 888S WALKIE TALKIES.::Joey White::4.0::December 27, 2013
R7CXCJN4EPSP0::Best Headset out there.::Works just like it should and seems fairly durable. Midland has the best 2 way radios made.  Highly recommend this unit.::Judy Chambers::5.0::December 22, 2013
R2KJ7JKXNQ52MZ::awsomeeeee::Awesome adaptors for the Midland walkie look identical to the secret service ones, slightly uncomfortable to put in place but its something you adapt and get used to pretty easily::D.A.M.R "Batusai1-DAMR"::5.0::December 21, 2013
ROE8RMLY7S1R1::Cord could be longer::I could use another 12" of cord between the earpiece and PTT button/mic. As it is you can't put it at the end of your sleeve, it has to go at your collar or inside your jacket.::Matt A::4.0::December 17, 2013
R3K5MXKDUC7Z6H::GREAT!::Perfect fit with my Midland LXT500VP3! Comfortable, easy to use, and concealed easily. Will totally pick up more when I need more!::Justin::5.0::December 16, 2013
R1X4EL4Z32FCGN::Good price but not for hard use::These headsets are a bargain, but in this case you definitely get what you pay for. They have pretty thin cords, and the cord from the mic to the earpiece is too short to allow me (and I suspect most adults) to run the mic down my sleeve to use "Secret Service style." They work fine as lapel mics, though. I ended up buying two professional-grade sets that actually cost more than twice what the Midland radios I was using them on  did, but these other sets have long, heavy-duty coiled cords that fit me well. For the typical family or service-business use, though, the Midland AVPH3 headsets should fit the bill, and the price can't be beat.::Brian O::3.0::December 16, 2013
R19DTG3PRLYJLV::lifesavers!::use these while photographing weddings, its easy to communicate with my second shooter with out the obvious hand gestures and making crazy faces! lol! We look super professional and get the comment "are you Secret service?" alot haha! sound is perfect and clear.::Cyndy::5.0::December 10, 2013
R2G8Q83B2D08CK::Pay attention to detail::wish i would have know that this would not fit my model it says that it will fit but when it came it didnt work out as planned::Draven Lord "elkfoeva"::2.0::December 9, 2013
R2JW1P5J0I0253::Great price for this product.::They work Great! The people I work with are all going to pick up some for themselves. I work in an assisted living home.::Grassman::5.0::December 4, 2013
R253WK40NGJ2P4::Very uncomfortable and mic's are poor quality::Do not fit comfortable in your ear.  The mic's do not work well.  The other party has a very hard time hearing you especially when hunting with some wind.::john faust::2.0::November 26, 2013
RPYVIH1CTPHJK::MUCH BETTER::These things work perfectly and they are much more comfortable than the ones that came with the radios.  Love them.::Michael Kasko "Kobra32"::5.0::November 23, 2013
R935J4N369FHU::Great if you like yelling into the mic to be heard.::The headsets are comfortable enough, but the PTT button is flimsy and gets stuck rather easy. Also don't expect to be able to whisper and be heard. I bought them for hunting but unless I yell into them, my other partner can't hear me.::Richard Lenz::2.0::November 20, 2013
R30NGZLEV7B100::Midland headsets::Very comfortable and reasonably good sound quality.  We use them on our quads so the noise of the quads and the wind noise sometimes dampens the sound.  Standing still they are crystal clear.  Much more comfortable inside a helmet than the behind the neck style::Jim::5.0::November 19, 2013
R37SM7A0M02PJR::A great piece of equipment if "low profile" operations are required.::Very inexpensive and will do the required job needed. This is a must have item if you work in security or law enforcement.::Halsky::5.0::November 16, 2013
R1AWF61OILZR1V::Great for 6 months, then you will need to buy a new one::Does not last. The mic starts to fail aafter constant use. A lifespsn of 6 months. When it is working, it does a great job::Shawn T Spainhour::4.0::November 15, 2013
R2AGF8XFW0J2DC::Not Very Good::These things look pretty neat, but they don't work very well.  It's very hard to hear and understand what is coming over the headset.::J Man::2.0::November 15, 2013
R1BHRY09K4RJ02::Nice headsets::They are a great asset for events I do(parking, waiting line, etc.).  Communications are clearer and never missed.  Highly recommend.::Steve Venetz::5.0::November 12, 2013
R26IYZK7XCII53::Quality operation vs. durability::Overall, this is a decent product and functions well - it does what it says it will do and the sound quality is very good. The only thing negative I can say about them is that they don't hold up very well outdoors - the radio came off the belt and the jack wire snapped right in two pieces. If you want to use one in the field instead of the urban jungle, make sure you baby those wires or they won't last a weekend.::Whitney::3.0::November 11, 2013
R1M4BB4GQE5ILM::Glitches, but still useable, and good price.::I really like the headsets, but for some reason the mic buttons don't always work. Not a bad product for the price.::Doug::3.0::November 2, 2013
RMKJ4ZDMLVO20::I use these on motorcycles with some success.::I bought these to use to communicate between motorcycles.  I've had some success.  These are well designed, but not perfect for motorcycles.  The wind over 30 or 40 mph is too noisy and you have to repeat over and over.  One thing that does work well is if you use a code for clicking the press to talk microbutton on the mic (which you clip to your collar, so it's close to your mouth), you can signal each other to pull over, slow down, or whatever, because each time you press the mic button, it beeps for the other guy.  When you are stopped or going slow thru a town, looking for a place to eat, they work fine because the wind isn't so bad.  I have used them on two trips so far.  I bought the GXT760VP4 Midland radios and they work great.  Another bennie is that the connection to the ear is by air, not electrical.  I did do a slight mod to these units and it cuts the wind down a bit, but I have not yet tried it out.::Skook::5.0::November 1, 2013
R2BXL9X2YGSN6E::Not for heavy Duty!::The sound is good, but it's even better when you have an ear plug in the other ear. also back ground noise is picked up on these mics very easily... The PTT (push to talk buttons) wear out quickly and need replacing after about 15-30 hours of usage. I do event security and club security. These Mics and ear pieces help out, but this brand can't keep up with the rigor and frequency of use. I am constantly having to order replacements. Until, i found that there is a HEAVY DUTY off brand. I am excited to not  waste money any more!::Patrick Wagner::2.0::November 1, 2013
R1U8T8877VL45E::midland ear piece::Very clear and comfortable in the ear. Worth he money. Will purchase the same when required.Transmissions have  been very clear along with reception.::Leon Wright::5.0::October 30, 2013
R89A0NKQAVFFY::These are OK::The headset voice is normally clear and the hearing piece is good.  I've had some issues due to the relay cords being too short for me.  I'm not big or huge or have abnormally long arms, but the relay cord is just too short for me.  This is a huge problem for me since I will not be able to use the headset.::Buy it try it::2.0::October 22, 2013
R284EFQP64TWPJ::FBI style::If you use Midland radio's then why not use official Midland ear pieces? These are comfortable and fairly discreet. Great for security, airsoft or whatever!::Nasty::5.0::October 18, 2013
R1AX4YCPT8U8NN::Light years ahead of the stock jobs::These are much better than the ones included with the midland GTX1000  radios I bought. You like a professional or just a stud secret agent.::Matt Crenshaw::4.0::October 15, 2013
R19DNOVO8IOMSF::Great So far::They work great so far. No issues as of 1 time of use. Very easy to set up and use.::Brandon::5.0::October 14, 2013
R2MSSZ20F4UX82::Work Great::Have used these a few times.. so far so good! I would definitely order these again if need be in the future.::MattyB24::5.0::October 14, 2013
R1FUJODI0E4KM3::Good  and great::Great for security purposes or for wanting the sound from your radio in your ear.Nearly invisible when seen at far distances.::Hunter::4.0::October 10, 2013
R3293E988P1B6K::Ear piece doesn't seem to stay in for me::I cannot keep the earpiece in for the life of me.  I am constantly adjusting and putting it back in to my ear.  Have tried all options.  Maybe I am doing someting wrong.::Mark M Myjak::3.0::October 10, 2013
R7EV52E5MU151::good for multiple uses including hunting::Used while hunting and for securityalong with group activity  where  communication was needed between multiple partieswould recommend and liked very much::Wm::5.0::October 2, 2013
R2AOXLSARZH43X::Best for Hunting::We were looking for something that we could keep in touch with each other when we are out hunting. These were perfect. They wear well and do not hurt after hours in the stand. This past weekend was the opening of archery season and I had just pulled back on a nice buck and my cousin called me. In the past the radio would have squawked and the deer would have spooked and ran. Nothing, the deer did not hear a thing and I have a nice buck in the freezer to feed the family.Built well, would highly reccommend.::Mike G::5.0::October 1, 2013
R1B8R6ATC6AZ4U::Midland AVPH3::I love these headsets from midland with all my heart. They worked perfectly for what I used them for. We airsoft, and needed something to talk back and forth without giving away our position. With a wind blowing, the voice still came through strong without picking up the breeze. Voice quality excellent, and I like how you position the mike anywhere.::GunFan::5.0::September 23, 2013
R179KP3NIU63VJ::A little problem with the ear piece::I have small ear canals so I really have to push the ear piece into the ear.  It doesn't hurt, but would be better if they were a little smaller.  I love the fact that you change easily change the position of the talk piece.::Dee Ferris::4.0::September 20, 2013
R20CI4FD3FH9J5::Not so sure about these.::I love the idea but what I have found is that if you have say 5 people with the same walkie talkies and only 2 have these headsets then only the 2 can talk back and forth and hear each other. The other 3 cannot be heard and they cannot hear you either and nobody can talk. It's definitely not as I expected out of this product.::Rainstorm::2.0::September 16, 2013
R27EZ8LARZXQUR::Not what I expected::Bought several pairs for Church security team. Worked great for a month before some members said volume problems hampered their duties. I was skeptical until my set started having the same problems. I bought another set and sure enough, the same volume troubles started after a month or so of wearing the newer set. I contacted Midland and after several emails back and forth, they offered to check them if I sent the sets back to them. Not an option for security. We decided to go with another brand and everything seems to be going okay so far. ( 3 months )The AVPH3 did not really work for our situation. Sad because they worked great for a while. They just did not hold up to weekly use for more than a month or so.::Tony Pirkle::1.0::September 7, 2013
RX1R3KJ6QSC0T::great mic's::great mic"s for the price i use them in woodsball paintball, it does get in the way like other mic"s do::Victor.Suarez1988::4.0::September 5, 2013
R35JA51WEQ0XO3::Work perfect::Great sound quality. Hooked right up. I love them and you look cool wearing them as well. They are very comfortable.::Zach::5.0::August 29, 2013
R2KBJC4ICVBUDH::When you don't need everybody listening in on you.::It just makes sense to have these.  When disaster hits,  people will be totally stressed and so will you.  It will keep you in touch with loved ones.::Claude G. Mcgovern::5.0::August 26, 2013
RFGWIGGF617NZ::Comfortable Headset::Finally an inexpensive headset that can be worn comfortably inside a helmet. I use this while riding ATV with friends. Often we get split up and this helps us get the group back in one place. Very comfortable, can be worn all day without getting a headache. Sound quality is fair, but I can't expect amazing audio from this sort of thing.::Wormly::5.0::August 26, 2013
ROIWANSR6XSE5::Great headset::this headset is great. I officiate a lot in swim meets and it has worked out great for me. I would recommend them.::Alpana Bhargava::5.0::August 23, 2013
RFXKW7F43A2AC::Employee's Happy Now!::I bought two sets and the people like this better than just talking into the radio with all the sound making it hard to understand.::Jody Chidester::4.0::August 20, 2013
R2H3N5B2BIKA15::Worked under a Full Face Helmet::I used one of these with a full face helmet and it worked out pretty good. Could get the helmet on without snagging the ear piece and was comfortable. Even though the mic wasn't up under the helmet, it still worked ok on my shirt near my neck. The clips are handy for keeping the unit in place too.::John Heard::4.0::August 9, 2013
R3UYM561YE3808::Best::Absolutely comfortable, durable, and easy to use! You can wear them for an 8 to 12 hour shift and forget that your even wearing them. PTT works great and the sound quality is great! Works in a Night club setting or just outdoors with friends.::Neo::5.0::August 4, 2013
RF5C03GX3A9KU::Headset Systems::Two of the units failed during the first three days of use. Will be returning them and try again. Otherwise the units are comfortable and useful during crowd situations.::Daniel J. Murray,III::2.0::July 24, 2013
R355CRIKE05818::GREAT BUY::WOW! this PTT headset is very good and crystal clear. I bought this with the walkie talkies for my photography and video crews and communication couldn't get any better this. Great job Midland and amazon, love you guys.::Music747::5.0::July 24, 2013
R6SMSQ4BV2TAV::Works ok::Sound quality could be better. I don't get why they don't make these easy to fit all brands or walkies. The jacks are the right size but spaced to far apart for brands like motorolla.::David::3.0::July 23, 2013
R12NJLN9F2E5K2::Good, but not great::Good product and serve their purpose. Hard to hear in a large room with high levels of people. Okay as long as noise level is below I'd say 30 decibels.::Ani::3.0::July 8, 2013
RMHT7BAPBEBFE::MIDLAND AVPH3 TRANSPARENT SECURITY HEADSETS/ODOG007::MAN LIKE HEADSETS A LOT AND YOU CAN HEAR VERY WELL AND LIKE WORK WITH OUT ANY PROBLEM AND FIT NICE ON MY EARS AND LIKE PRODUCT INFO IS GOOD AND WILL WORK FOR ME AND MY PARTNER.::odog007::5.0::July 5, 2013
R1BQCB93S44SBK::Great Product::Light weight, trust me you will forget that you have it on and the sound its near perfect. This is a must buy.::Sherman::5.0::June 28, 2013
R2RGNOV74ASNW5::very well done::This product is very well working i am sure that it is proble the least money but is the best working!!!::Kelly A Simmonds::4.0::June 27, 2013
R3GFC00A456HUH::Light weight hands free communications.::I liked these because of the light weight and hand free VOX mode communications. Having said that, background sounds can cause some issues with two way communications. This may not have anything to do with the headset but rather the radio sensitivity settings.::D. Carter "DIY Doug"::4.0::June 26, 2013
R21FBUK1CKYI56::Helps give you that official look :)::People always comment how official you look when you have this on. This are comfortable to wear even if you are having to wear these all day long. The soft silicone ear piece is a lot easier on your ears to having to put a hard plastic piece in your ear, especially if you're having to wear these for more than a few hours. There are a few strategically placed clips that allow you to quickly and neatly hold the earpiece in place, even if you have to temporarily remove the ear piece from your ear.I use this with the Midland LXT118 22-Channel GMRS radio.::Sonny Bautista::5.0::June 22, 2013
RNEMYT8AZGCNP::hearing is believing::makes great stuff like cbs because quality goes in the product before they put their name on it good work::jon jerome wong::5.0::June 6, 2013
RUK36BH0EPS8C::Works like a charm::Hearing other channels is clear and loud. Tranmissions through the PTT/VOX microphone piece are very good and clear. Ear piece doesn't bind earlobe like most other ear pieces and is comfortable during long uses. Wires need a little adjustment, but are do-able. This is the second set I've owned. The first set lasted a long time and were still going strong when I gave them to a business partner for his security team to use.::Blue Eyed Ghost::5.0::June 5, 2013
R9G7T24GR05UD::Great::Perfect, Vox and Ptt, works great, also the sound is perfect, only made for right ear though, but still good product, love it.::Jon D::5.0::June 5, 2013
RBE39V59F1VC3::The best way to listen to music::This is the best I ever bought. I work as a doorman and as I am working I have the ear piece set up just like a secret service person does. I bought one set last year and wore it every day and the board members just realized that I am wearing them and think it is a neat thing to do. In fact visitors see it and think I am a secret service person for a VIP living there and ask me if I am and I respond NO COMMENTThank you::Pen Name::5.0::June 2, 2013
R2S0EJ2CW8TRRS::ears pieaces::The earpieces are great and work in about every device you need them for, you can eve plug them into an ipod and use them as headphones.::garrett::5.0::June 1, 2013
R1WCTCHDAY0EJP::As Advertised::Product has a very simple function and this product works as designed.Comfortable, simple, and gets the job done.I am using this for communicating with my second shooter and/or assistant on commercial photography jobs like MMA and Wedding shoots.::Robert C.::5.0::May 30, 2013
R12JZHFYO4AEHM::"not so much"::The mic's did not work too well. You had to talk real loud to get them to start transmitting the call. It would of been great to be able to use them for what we had intended them for. I would not recommend.::Pearl Buck "LDFultz"::2.0::May 23, 2013
R31K1AW9QCPM72::It's okay, but a little clumsy::This product works as expected, but the implementation of having the cord go to the mic, then to the earpiece is a bit clunky. Not sure how that would be improved, except perhaps with a cord that is separate for the earpiece and mic.::peek::4.0::May 22, 2013
RCGNE4QKT7HVW::Great product::Perfect for different uses I used it with a Motorola type radio for my job in security it's a convenient way to stay in touch  at work::JustinWR0311::4.0::May 22, 2013
R237PA98JVW36T::The cord is a little short::I purchased this headset for use with the Midland radio.  I perfer this product over the standard headset that came with the radio. These tuck in nice and tight in the ear and tranmissions are clear and crisp.  The only drawback is the cord is a little short if you intend to run the microphone up your sleeve, opposite of your radio. Sounds crazy but I carry the radio on the left hip and the mic on the right side, so its short.  I'm sure if they are both on the same side of the body, they will fit fine.  I like the headset! Recommended!::Newt::4.0::May 12, 2013
R1W62QZPIHA8AG::Awesome::I use these all the time. I love them, I wish the speaker cable was a little longer so it would reach my hand like a FBI agent. No complaints though.::stuart atkins::4.0::May 11, 2013
R3KXDW5EKBZ06I::Good for light duty, not professional quality::I'm used to military or law enforcement specs.  These are much lighter, but they are also much less expensive and do a good job for such things as sports officiating, etc.  Have also used them kayaking, when it's not practical to fumble for the radio.::watermaa::4.0::May 5, 2013
RRAJRN8P9UBY4::returned::Bought the headset it didn't fit they responded quickly and accepted it. They also had it shipped earlier than expected::anon::5.0::May 5, 2013
R31B7FHX13MHEG::Love It::These work very good foe me and my team, they are very clear and easy to use and we get our job done, so I must say thanks for these products::tonica::5.0::May 5, 2013
RBATN7EAZ96BR::The one that wroked was OK::The other one didn't work but the one that did can't say it was much better then some lower costs one maybe a bit more comfortable. Have to give Amazons return policy a triple A+ rating::Amazon Customer::3.0::May 1, 2013
R39AS9LWD7XVR7::vox headsets::quality made product,  very easy setup, clear audio and reception.spent the weekend walking trails in Starved Rock state Park in Illinois, clear use all the way even in low valleys, the ox function worked perfectly::Mark Gutierrez::5.0::April 30, 2013
R28PZPYEUOQRY4::Hunting buddy::I always like hunting with a buddy and this is a hands free way to use the talkies.Be safe and stay on this side of the dirt!::Zehn of Sparta::5.0::April 27, 2013
R2KVKR27GGS0BO::great product::I got this for hands-free operation of my Midland Consumer Radio LXT500VP3 22-Channel GMRS and it works like a charm.::Jacob Johnson::5.0::April 13, 2013
R2KRSCPU630CFU::CRYSTAL CLEAR::THESE ARE GREAT. I HAVE TRIED THEM ONE TIME SO FAR TO TEST FIT THEM. I WILL UPDATE AFTER FULL TEST.::Cummin2drescue::4.0::April 8, 2013
R31LKVQI5102OR::YAY HAPPY IT CAME 2 DAY::YOU HAVE MADE MY TEENAGER VERY HAPPY THANK YOU SO MUCH GOD BLESS CANT WANT TILL HE GETS HOME YAY::unlovable::5.0::April 8, 2013
R2TY3HTBY46AFV::Gift for my grandson::I purchased this pair of headsets for my grandson to use with his walkie talkie set. He told me he loves them, right fit and great sound.::Polly Ra::5.0::April 1, 2013
R2IEPK5QXYYQT7::Comfurtable::These are really comfurtable but you need one fo the Midland GMRS/FRS radios to work it. You have to plug the speakers and microphone plug, into one of the radios to have the headset work. Just letting you know because I didn't have the Midland GMRS/FRS Radios and I had to buy them later.::Steve & Erin Floyd::4.0::March 23, 2013
RCULHELAKI7FG::Good for the price::Purchased 6 of these over a year ago and they have done OK. The push to talk button is starting to "shorting out". when you press to talk, it will set off the alert feature on our radios and the sound would blast you ear. But I think for the price it is a good deal.::Chris M::3.0::March 16, 2013
RBDPPPWA0DFCZ::secret service::I use these security headseats when playing airsoft with my nephew. They work great of course easy to to use and even whispering into the Mic is a clear sound. not having the boom Mic is great it doesn't snag on anything. anybody can use these.::Cameron::5.0::March 14, 2013
R1VRSQJ1JFXOKF::Love This Ear Phones::Oh I absolutely love these.  I wear them for all of my events. My clients think my staff is secret service walking around talking into the unnoticeable mics.  They are easy to store and comfortable on the ear.  The sound is clear as well.::Shanelle::5.0::March 12, 2013
R22Q3YQU1LRB2N::Very Good...::These headsets work extremely well. Wish I had purchased them sooner.We are very happy with them and would definitely purchase again.::C. Maone::5.0::March 11, 2013
R30GCMTQQZP4GI::Comfortable earbuds::This pair of headsets was what I was looking for. With just the earpiece by its self made it more comfortable than the one with the mic attached. Note check to make sure you have the small mic switch to VOX or PTT. PTT worked better for me.::CF::5.0::March 7, 2013
R262KBW50CJXBF::Great clarity but bulky::I have tried and returned many many bands and types of headsets and these are the best I've found when used in conjunction with the Midland walkie units in their price point.  We use them with all our employees at our retail store and they are life savers on busy days.My only complaint is that the microphone is very bulky and there is enough wire attached to them for a 7ft man.  Other than that they are great!::Melanie::4.0::March 6, 2013
R20F4MHIRUYB5Q::good price::good price. loved them. work great! gotta have these for working security. I can hear them in a crowded club.::Jedediah Jenney::5.0::February 28, 2013
R37096X2Z8U1BM::good::I bought these for my security guardes at my house and they say they are awsome! I have used them once and i was pleased as well.::Pen Name::5.0::February 24, 2013
R17N5SYXKE9EYM::Works great - needs a cord-routing illustration sheet::First let me say that the headsets I ordered work great; no issues.  Good quality sound and ear-fit.I have scratched my head a bit on how best to attach the clips, route the cord, and where clip the radio on my person.  Even the clip on the mic seemed to be oriented 180 out from easiest attachment to a man's sport coat or shirt.  Certainly couldn't be used as-is as a cuff mic.I have sorted out a "well that works" routing, but I would love to see what THEY had in mind.NET: recommended, but experiment with how to wear it.::Blueflag FReeper "Recovering Consultant"::4.0::February 22, 2013
R2UBKPC7ZSMF8H::It's Okay::The mic and shirt clip works pretty good.  The ear piece is to stiff so it does not stay on your ear long when doing moderate activities.  It is a constant adjustment of the ear piece to keep it around the ear.  The ear piece is clearly audible.::cheng chang::3.0::February 20, 2013
RUX4TRVCBYY4T::Great accessory for hadnset::Purchase hand held walk talkies and accessories work well with them. Primarily used with a friend who mountain bikes with me and this hands free device is excellent for that while we ride our mountain bike and try to stay in touch.::Americandoofus::5.0::February 16, 2013
R2Z6KIM4XASKIU::Great Headset::Works great, but small earbud portion often comes out of ear otherwise this is a better alternative to the headsets that come with the radios.::juicizan::4.0::February 8, 2013
R1MVUZ124KRON0::Good headsets::These sound better than I had thought they would.The only negative I have is I wish the mic and PTT button were not fused into one component. I'd much rather have the PTT button on a cord I could secure in a handy location while the mic was attached near my mouth. I don't like having to reach up to my face to talk, and VOX is not feasible for my situation.All told I am still very happy with these.::GySgt Donald J Wright::4.0::February 7, 2013
R1U18KDMVMEZ6R::comfort and quality::I chose this product because it works  well with the radios I bought. They are super comfotable and the coil helps keep everything fitting just right.::Lisa Whitmore::5.0::February 4, 2013
R150GA5KMV992I::excellent::Very good product is designed with high warm, I recommend it for use in 100% satisfied with the product purchased thanks::Victor::5.0::February 3, 2013
R3H57F38RCLRP8::Great product! Ordering more.::I purchased these to use with some midland 2-ways and they are great! No issues whatsoever! The in ear piece does feel a little bothersome after a few hours but it didn't bother the other person wearing the other set.::Xmamaster::5.0::January 28, 2013
R3UDHG3D9S21V7::Great for Po' Mans Secret Service.::I use these for Weddings so I know when to play the Wedding March or bring in the Wedding Party. They work great BUT since they go IN your ear I would not SHARE these with someone else. (Ewwww)::P. Laflamme::5.0::January 20, 2013
R1DQFDECU84Q6A::Like::Funcionan muy bien en es peci al para los radios cuando juegas gotcha muy muy comodos simlos recomedo qe los compren::Jorge Gonzalez Gutierrez::5.0::January 16, 2013
R1KCP5925VQZR7::headsets::i bought these with the idea that they may not work very well but i was wrong. you can hear through the earpiece nice and clear.::mike::5.0::January 13, 2013
R7IC5NXCPKX7D::absolutely what I was hoping for::Using this with the Midland GXT1000s.Was a little worried after reading some of the reviews about the lenght of the cord for the ptt clip.  I find the lenght easily long enough for putting nearly anywhere that makes sense. Plus the clip slides up and down the cord. Perhaps they changed the design? Anyway, it is exactly what I wanted.Ear piece is pretty small and extremely comfortable. I put it in for an extended period of time without pressure point issues and I typically hate all ear bud head phones because I'm so sensitive to ear fatigue. Another nice thing about the ear piece is you can still hear outside sound extremely well, but when someone talks to you through the two way radios it comes in loud and clear.The only big thing left for me to judge is durability. I'll likely edit this review after some serious use. For $21 this is a no brainer. Increadible value IMHO.::Kenneth C. Cook "Ken 'KC23' Cook"::5.0::January 7, 2013
R7DG9G7VE414F::Way to stay secret!::My friend and I use walkies inbetween our cars as we drive around town and inbetween states.These coms made that so much easier! Alot better then the midland headsets the talkies came with!Perfect condition and plug and play.::Scott Fisher::5.0::January 6, 2013
R3465WF6R07IV5::Just what i needed::Love this product a lot I can not ask for anything better would recommended to anyone Thank you for everything.::B. Smith::5.0::November 10, 2012
R1MNXZO7ZUQWW6::Headset::Great product.  Works great.  I can even use it even  while riding on my motorcycle.  Works good with the radios.::Attila Matyas "mat"::5.0::September 23, 2012
RKC5R97SWL1CU::Good headset but hardly water resistant::I wanted a headset that I could use while wearing a helmet and these headsets did the trick. A must for outdoorsmen who want to discreetly communicate with others in a hunting group or any situation that requires stealth and silence. The ear piece is removable for cleaning.Update: After using these headsets in the rain on a couple occasions, the push button fails to active the mic. The earpiece still works, but now I must use the button on the radio to activate the mic.::David Beveridge::4.0::September 18, 2012
R1SZHUM5RMSH3::best ear piece ever::I have tried several ear pieces this one works the best. It is comfortable, delivers good sound that you can understand.::2eekendgunner::5.0::May 27, 2012
RF36XHNE3NIPW::Perfect for Paintballing::The title says it all. You can hear everything around you, and the mics are super sensitive, just clip it to the top of neck of your jersey and you're good to go, even whispering with a paintball mask on, no problems. Easy to clean too if you get paint on them.::Major Nickmo::5.0::February 24, 2012
R2BBW20WDHZ9LW::Comfort zone.::This product is great. It is much more comfortable to wear for extended periods of time. Wish there were ones for other makes and models of  radios.::mclintock::5.0::February 23, 2012
ROS4S8W0O8LSW::Not Compatable::These headsets by Midland were recommended by Amazon (other coustomers) when I purchased a set of Uniden 2-Way radios.  Do not waste you time.  The headsets are not compatable with Uniden Radios.  The Radios use a single pin plug whil the headsets are dual pin.  Amazon needs to remnove the recommendation due the fact that they won't work together.I would have kept them if they had worked.  They appeared to be very well made and exactly what I was looking for but that didn't do me any good.::JHH::3.0::January 20, 2012
RU0JE263R1NBD::people can't hear me talking::these worked fine for a few days, but now when i speak, people cannot hear me through the mic. They say it sounds very faint and quiet. I'm sending them back and will have to try another kind for next season.::Caleb Ramer::1.0::December 2, 2013
RKW79P84CDI4::ear buds, NOO!!!!!::the ear buds on this are extreamly cheep I had to get my own and put them on the product barly works::Dew Construction::2.0::March 15, 2013
R2513J04TJLKJX::Nice design, but couldn't hear clearly::After reading all the rave reviews I decided to buy the clear headsets as it looked less obvious than the microphone headsets I was using as a wedding coordinator.  I used it for the first time last week and none of my staff could hear each other.  Because we work in loud environments, I thought this one would be great since security guards at bars & clubs tend to use the clear headsets.  We tried adjusting everything including placement, holding the mic covered and close, but still it was so quiet that we couldn't hear each other.  We decided to go back to the headset mics just to test and it worked perfectly loud & clear.  Maybe I just received a bad set.::Stephanie Uchima::2.0::August 11, 2011
RJTZF31QPSMYB::Midland earpiece headset::the earplug not fitting correctly, transmiting not clear and broken up.had to turn the volume to maximum inorder to hear.  good style but need to improve quality.::B. Le "Bruce"::2.0::February 11, 2011
R13RDRR1KXMTSF::Do not buy!::These headsets work great for a while, but they will lose volume over time. If you blow air through the clear hose, the sound comes back but in an hour or so, you can't hear anything again. If you try and contact the company, they will tell you to either turn up the volume on the radio (it was already all the way up) or return for repair. Warranty is only 90 days and the problem started a few months after that. DON'T BUY IF YOU WANT A LONG TERM PRODUCT.::Douglas T. Sakurai "drstogie"::1.0::March 6, 2013
R262Z3U7EJ1NIF::Look awesome.::I have yet to get the radios for this, but they look amazing. If you want stealth for airsoft, get these.::Sky michaels::4.0::April 27, 2014
RXPXPCDZ34BOV::Couldn't hear anything::Volume couldn't be turned up high enough. Not a good fit in the ear for either my buddy or me.::Jeffrey N Mahoney::1.0::March 9, 2014
R3P64M2A7LZJLP::Great Head Sets::Work perfect and as described, Comfortable and functional!  Make sure it works with your brand we use ours with Midland Walkies::StarFire::5.0::January 1, 2014
R2YU40L542I8M8::Midland AVPH3 Transparent Security Headsets with PTT/VOX::These are very comfortable and very good quality sound. Attaches easily, light weight and multi-functional. Unfortunately the radios they attach to don't have the rang they advertise.::Tim::5.0::December 20, 2013
R2JI0CQR3GBJYX::not what I expected::this was not even close to what i thought it would be. but for the price to return it I felt it was better to keep it::Reggie Wakefield::2.0::November 15, 2013
R3HK7YZMJMI15U::One of the prongs was bent::I can't tell you how good they are, because the prong was bent when I received it. I would try to unbend it, but I don't to break it completely::Justin Elledge "Cutlass MC"::1.0::September 28, 2013
R15XJ6JJ1ANQQ9::headset::the headset is ok but little hard to hear on it...still looks cool but(it is asking for six more words)::Alban Alija::4.0::September 19, 2013
R1YOZJS7E2141F::It will not work with Uniden 16-mile 22-channel Frs/gmrs two way radio (GMR2638-2ck)::I was expecting that this will work with uniden two way radio (GMR 2638-2ck) because its automatically matched by amazon. but as soon as i received the product together with the uniden two way radio. I was so irritated because this headsets are 2 pin type. Uniden requires 1 pin type earpeice..SO, we need to purchase a converter just to use these.. =)::Arjhon Coronado::2.0::September 19, 2013
R3DJBNRHS662UB::Excellent sound and comfort for use in a convertible::We use the AVPH3 headsets with Midland GXT2000 radios for group rides with our car club.  We drive convertibles, and this headset is comfortable and secure in the wind.  Sound and comfort are a big improvement over the cheap entry level headsets included with many radios.  Earpiece volume is clear and plenty loud - I have the radio volume at ~2/3 of max.  The PTT microphone button is somewhat small but swivels for easy clipping on a seat belt or shirt, and it sounds great.::Brian::5.0::May 13, 2013
R3DPLERDCXCOBW::Tech support may be needed::Having problems getting these to work with the walkie talkies, however, I have not reviewed the instructions for additional information or contacted the manufacturer.::Tod L Marburger::3.0::April 25, 2013
R38ICCGHL1RM26::soso::I assume they work fine. He has nothing to use them with. It would be nice if the site was more specific on what you can use them with.::ML::3.0::March 15, 2013
R2KU4JQ1B2NB60::READ CAREFULLY::These headsets DO NOT WORK with AGP TEK 2 way radios ..........Very disappointed. Please Read the description before you buy.::Charles Ricci::3.0::February 28, 2013
R2GWVKTHPU0690::Was OK, but not Great (Bad choice for skiing)::Bought these in hopes of using them for skiing.While significantly more comfortable than what came with our radios, the amount of wire is overwhelming.  Once you stuff all the extra wire in your pocket with the radio or inside your jacket you effectively have three wires protruding from your jacket.  (Two to the microphone and one to your headset.)The need to wire this to your jacket to make it usable and the want to take the jacket off and put it back on compounds the frustration level.The microphone pickup was much worse than what cam with our radios and required being directly in front of our mouth while speaking.  (Bending/straining neck to talk into it while attempting to push the button and not pull it off the jacket was not effective either.)I suspect there is a correct way to wire this up that doesn't include a ski jacket, and the mic pickup may function better indoors, but I am back to using the hard over ear piece with a fixed microphone and single wire with inline button.::Rebar::3.0::February 25, 2013
R1ZGW11Z6ROIU7::VOX?::Unless I'm doing something wrong (which I doubt) the VOX does NOT work.  I have 2 sets of the Midland VOX radios, and these headsets do not operate in the VOX mode.  However, other than the non-existent VOX, the headsets work very well.  The hearing is excellent as well as the speaking portion.  You can hear a whisper.  I'd really wish the VOX worked though.  LOL::James::3.0::August 15, 2012
R1YOGC3FAOVY8G::fairly good product::I've had to replace these earphones several times, because after using them for a few weeks the electronics fail and you can no longer communicate.  They work fine, when they work.  If I had another option for the Midland radios I would choose it.::James K Myers::3.0::March 15, 2012
R3FBHBPD90UXXX::Low expectation for specific use::I puchased this set thinking it may work for use in a racecar and fit comfortably under a helmet.  The headset fits fine and works, but the volume output is too low to make it usefull for what I needed it for.  The push-to-talk switch is also difficult to use, but again, my intention was to use it in a racecar.  I'm sure the set works great for what it was actually intended.  Not good for a loud racecar.  Too bad, because it fit very well under a helmet.::SHOdaddy::3.0::August 6, 2010
R1KII5XB67EYTP::Broke after a couple weeks::This thing broke after minimal use over a couple of weeks. It looks cool though. I attached the plastic tube piece to a pair of earbuds, so I can get some use out of it.::Wylas::1.0::November 16, 2012
R2TW5D55838URQ::You get what you pay for.::For $10ish a piece, these are pretty good.  But, you get what you pay for.  The ear piece fit is okay and the volume has to be turned up all the way when outside or in a noisy environment.  If it gets too loud, it can be quite difficult to hear.  The one major blunder is that the wire from the ear piece to the mic is way too short!  I wish it was at least 6-12 inches longer.  Midland probably had 10 year olds in mind when they designed this product.  This headset is a nice little toy that works very well for what you pay.  Obviously, I would never actually use this for any type of security job.::Me::3.0::September 14, 2011
R376R7RE6QGXL5::Completely Awesome::The package arrived 3 days early and was completely what i expected. What you see is what you get. Performance wise i give the item a 10/10. there were no problems with my order and the ear pice fits oh so comfortably.::TYler::5.0::July 4, 2011
RO2H25Y6FZ60C::Worse than the ones that came with the radio!::I got these to replace the headset that came with the radio, so that we could better communicate while riding our motorcycles. We tried them out in the house and immediately put them back in the box. They were uncomfortable for me to wear (though my partner didn't seem to mind) and the clarity was terrible.The description doesn't tell you that the mic is actually on the same piece as the PTT button, and unless you are holding it in just the right place when you talk all you get on the other end is whisper on open air.I bought them on the strength of the reviewer who claimed to take them on ATV's but on our motorcycles we use full face helmets, no way could we use these.Probably these are ok if you are using them somewhere quiet, and don't want to look so much like a pop star, but otherwise these are worse than no headset.::Kaellie::3.0::April 8, 2009
R1OHI4CZL5VIUK::They don't fit motorola::I guess it's my fault for not vetting the product well enough. These things are throw aways anyhow. I sure it would've broke like my others::Justin::2.0::December 31, 2012
R2VOIH8S0TLIAB::Not for the Uniden Radios::I have nothing against the headsets because we didn't use them.  I am posting this because this was a purchase that was reccomended with the uniden radios.  They are made for midland radios(2 prong adapter)and will not work the uniden (micro 1 prong).::JC-HMM::3.0::June 20, 2011
R1R93GT5EPRQAR::didn't work::The midland headset did not work at all, I hate them!! The look cheap, and fake! DO NOT BUY THEM::Mateo::1.0::October 3, 2013
R14OWUWHJJ99RL::absolute crap::I bought Midland radios and these headsets. Radios work. These do not. Unable to hear the other person. Garbage. Looking for recommendations of discrete headsets that actually work.::Photoshop Wannabe::1.0::May 28, 2013
R3I2DLRCBKTR1U::weird::the mic extensions dont work right, but they worked using the other part of the hand held set, not on the mic attached to the ear piece.::ARMOR::1.0::April 16, 2013
R3DQFXCSW88UOD::Not very loud::Find that its not very loud in places where you need to hear, and thats the whole idea of these ear pieces so I thought.::Tyler Mancuso::2.0::June 16, 2011
R30AG1J2BBZOYV::doesn't work on xtn vx1100::this is exactly what i was looking for to replace one that broke, however the 2 prongs dont fit in my radio--motorola xtn xv1100.  i had already thrown the packaging out when i realized this!::oljb007 "oljb007"::3.0::February 21, 2011
R3D09WSSZOPTUH::Midland avph3 headsets::Mic is to small--ear piece is crumbsy--much  better  if  you  could  plug  in  your  own  ear  piece  seperately----the  bigger  mic  of  the  pass, ie.  the  police  clip  on  mic,  is  a  better  way  to  go--dont  know  why  you  cant  purchase  these  mics  anymore::BIGBILL::3.0::December 24, 2010
R13L8HB6CCFTEF::Mics do not work well::These headset do not work well unless you are speaking into the mic at normal volume.  I bought a cheap set on Ebay that work great even if I barely whisper.  With these, if you whisper you can only be heard on the other radio if it is turned up full blast and the listener is concentrating and expecting you to say something.  If you do not need to speak quietly I suppose these will work fine.::Roger::2.0::March 17, 2009
R2P7L0P0WLXHIT::Midland AVPH3 - Don't purchase if you want to use VOX::I purchased this with a pair of Midland GXT1000VP4 FRS/GMRS two-way radios for the purpose of communication while bicycling.  VOX and comfort of the connection to the radio were most important to me.  The VOX capability doesn't work at all and the wires that have to connect to the radio are very cumbersome and in the way.If you desire VOX capable mics, don't buy these!::T. Whiteside::1.0::October 5, 2010
R2ESOLM7Y0JAL2::Midland AVPH3 Transparent Security Headsets with PTT/VOX are a disappointment::Midland AVPH3 Transparent Security Headsets with PTT/VOX.I was expecting more from a premier communications gear manufacture; I didn't get it. The VOX capability on this headset is useless. In order to get the VOX function to work at all you have to have the gain turned all the way up while holding the microphone within an inch or less from your mouth. This defeats the whole propose I purchasing this headset for. The headset works fine for PPT but that's not what I wanted them for.::AMMO::2.0::August 17, 2008
R15NAP49J7XS6H::OK::I found that this head set is more comfortable than most, but the microphone is terrible, people have a very hard time hearing me.::Kenneth C. Reed::2.0::March 26, 2008
RD6ZZ6R9LO93::Does not show which PLUG it has::My fault for ordering this product not knowing which plug it has. I needed a single 2.5mm plug and this particular product has a dual pin plug. The item description does not state which plug it has, and of course i also failed to ask. the product was shipped in a timly manner, but I just have never gotten to use it cuz it was wrong. 3 stars for poor description only. Im sure this product probaby works great, But i do not know.::Joshua Earhart::3.0::August 10, 2007
R2VEBITT147P9P::Didn't even use these...::I gave it a 5/5 because I didn't want to ruin the curve, but I actually never even used these.  We originally purchased these for our trip to Disney World / Universal Studios to "keep in touch" with the rest of the family and the kids, but we ended up purchasing used cell phones for the kids so we can call them, text them, and keep track of them with the GPS which worked out better for us.::Robert Shady::5.0::May 24, 2013
R2AP71DDVLT87O::I don't believe this is the Midland brand::First, I thought I was ordering a pair but only received one. Second, this did not fit my Midland GXT1000VP4. Pins did not match radio, therefore, they were worthless to me. When I contacted the vendor they inplied they would correct the issue but haven't done it yet. If they do then I will make an amendment to this review.::Roger "oboro-ky"::1.0::July 9, 2012
R2MZSHWARU3TMY::Not a good set::Very poor sound and build quality.  I guess one of the case of getting what I paid for.  Bad microphone quality.  Ear piece is ok but will hurt ear after 20-30 minutes. Mic engaging button is finicky.::Val Vechnyak::1.0::October 19, 2010
R1DY55MY4JSFK1::Good communication, not always dependable.::The clarity and minimal amount of bleed when communicating through these headsets is amazing. I have only had one problem with these. In PTT mode, once in a while, halfway through the night, they decide for some reason not to work and I have to switch the headsets to VOX, then I have to press the button on the actual radio to talk... Very strange. I plan on contacting Midland about this problem.::Jesse R. Anderson::2.0::December 17, 2008
R2KFBGR3LMWNI3::Headset::Product did not work. Very frustating. NO clear instructions. Hard to hear voice transmissions. I bought this for use on a boat when docking. The voice activation cut off after 4 seconds.::Bob::1.0::June 4, 2011
R861V31JWRT1Y::Does NOT work with Cobra radios::Looks great, but it has a two-pin connector, which doesn't work with Cobra or other brands of two-way radios that use a single-pin earpiece connection. Just so you know...::Adam Ford "Bug"::3.0::April 22, 2011
RF9KHRTJJ64WH::Not compatible::I was recommended by the page to get this item. however it is totally not compatible with Uniden GMR2240-2CK Water Resistant 2-Way Radios' by Uniden. I was totally disappointed with the auto direct recommendation.::Shah::1.0::July 7, 2012
R3UCOED17G2YP5::Great::We are using these for costume, so I can't speak to their effectiveness but they look perfect for what we need.::Catharine A. Costello "mahemmaven"::5.0::September 1, 2010
ROD07LFK7WP6G::Not for Motorola handsets::Was very disappointed upon receiving that description did not include a comment regarding the plugs.Looks like Motorola doesn't have the 2 plug connector. So now I have to decide if i return the good designed earpiece, or the good designed motorola handsets that I purchased with this.::fampro::1.0::August 14, 2010
R244JV33BXA2XZ::Not what I expected and did not receive refund.::I purchased these items in 2011.  They were not the right ones for devices I purchased; therefore, I imediately, returned them.  To this day, I have not received a refund.::Wedding Bliss::1.0::December 11, 2012
R2DRHZ0XUSIWDD::Not as mentioned::I purchased a walkie Talkie set with this headsets but they were not working with the walkie talkie set as mentioned. I sent a complain but never got an answer so I forgot this subject. I throw them away. Description of this material is bull shit.::Salem::1.0::June 5, 2013
RDCQHGLRV81HX::Abc::I do not recommend this they did not discribe it as it came and they didn't work do not buy it::Abc::1.0::March 28, 2013
R3EASQ05G50PKS::not what i thought it would be::I ordered a walkie, and the tag said this product would work with the walkie. It does not.It is incompatible.::DDYE::1.0::January 9, 2012
R10KYIBQBGFU65::What they dont tell you in product description.::No where in the product description do the tell you that this item has a dual pin connector. I had to order it to find this out and of course I need a single pin connector.This is why I am only giving this only one star. As far as weather or not it works good I obviously can not comment on.::Jeff::1.0::September 22, 2011
R1HD7QE2MDSEBV::I need a single wire pluging like cellphone(earphone)::I really wanted a single wire pluging than the two pluging that you sent to me ,is any possibility of a single pluging to connect to the clesr wire tubing. The product is of good grade I like it  so much but I will love more if I could get it.::chris chijindu::1.0::April 22, 2011
R331YR4HHQILD2::not what I  wanted. . . at first::These only work with Midland radios. I don't have Midland radios, I have Motorola.I just wish I knew before I got them.Update:I recently bought some midland radios, and was finally able to test these out. I haven't done any full day field testing, But they seem to be pretty good. They fit well, the mic picks up easily, and a speaker is clear.I'm leaving my one start just for people will actually see my review.This product as plenty of 5 start anyway :)::M. Jones::1.0::June 2, 2010
R2EB6TDEYYDFPV::Not for PR400::This item seemed very promising....until I tried to plug it into my service Motorola PR400 two way radio. The prongs are too wide appart, had to return it. So better be sure of the compatibilty with your radio model!::Louis Russell Simonet::1.0::October 13, 2011
R206OV6BFF4TLW::it stinks::DO NOT BUY THIS IT IS A PIECE OF JUNK  I BOUGHT IT BUT THEN IT DID NOT WORK . I AM RETURNING IT BECAUSE I HATE IT WHEN I OPENED IT UP, IT WAS LIKE SOMEONE BEAT ME IN THE HEAD WITH A FRIED SMELLY FISH!!!!!!!!! :( :( :( :( :( :( I THINK ITS RELATED TO A PIECE OF POOP THAT I KNOW!!!! TURD NUGGET DO NOT BUY THIS EVER!!!::jumpfat::1.0::June 21, 2012
R1IQQN293MQA7F::It works.::Normal key-fob size, works from pretty reasonably far away, easy to program (just push the 'Learn' button on the side of the opener and then push the button on the remote).::Jeffrey Eli::5.0::November 23, 2010
R1LZRWIZWTGN04::Great remote::It's very easy to program and use. Make sure its the right frequency for your garage opener. This is for 318Mhz. Nice small and sleek. Great addition or replacement product.::Deal seeker::5.0::October 1, 2011
R2KW1VI3VODBAS::Small. Easy to Program Opener::We bought this opener to use when working in the yard. It is small, easy to program, clips to the belt loop and prevents loss while mowing, etc Previously we had lost the large opener and spent a good deal of time looking for it in the yard. Easy to carry when walking the dog. Good product.::Bob G::5.0::July 6, 2013
R2KR9W02PHD9ND::Perfect for apartment garage::We recently moved into an apartment as we are building a new house.  I rented a garage as well, since I don't like scraping frost off of my car windows for 30 minutes before driving to work each day.  The landlord handed me a Linear three button remote clip-on variety that attaches to your visor.  This remote is useless to me for a couple of reasons:  #1 I have Homelink in my car so I can use it to open the door and #2 I have to remove the three button remote from the car each night so I can close the garage door with it.  The is no other garage egress.So, of course, just about every other morning I take the 1/4 mile walk from the apartment to the garage and forget the 3 button visor mount remote.  I try has hard as I can to keep it in the pocket of my jacket, then the next day I select another jacket to wear!  I walk/job back to the apartment to get the visor mounted remote to open the door.  If my four year old is with me, I get to hear a very Homer Simpson-ish "Doh!" followed by a mountain of complaining as we make the long, cold walk back to the apartment.Fed up, I found this KEYCHAIN transmitter on Amazon for under $20!  It's about the size of my Prius keyfob, maybe slightly less wide.  It took about 10 seconds to set it up.  Push the button on the garage door opener til it starts flashing, hit the button on your keychain transmitter, and test.  Now I ALWAYS have my garage door opener, unless I forget my keys, which is rare.  I hate to spend money on temporary apartment accessories, but this was affordable and makes life that much simpler.::James S. Wilkerson::5.0::February 25, 2014
R5F9MXYQA5OF0::Garage door opener::It's a garage door opener remote that works. Don't know how else to explain it. Does all it's supposed to::Brian Thomas::5.0::October 17, 2013
R1HDL5YBWEZPH6::Works absolutly great.::It is so handy to carry in your pocket or purse.  We use it when we go for a walk and can use our garage door anddo not have to go through the process of unlocking three door locks to access our home.::Transplant::5.0::October 15, 2013
R2DUIC8T9TXU5R::Great remote::I have purchased at least 19 of these remotes for the condos I work at since April 2013. All have worked with the Linear gate system we have here. People love to put a single condo key on it and go across the street to the beach an not have to worry about carrying a big clunky car visor remote around with them. DO NOT KNOW if they work with other systems but they say "Compatible With All Linear(R) Access Receivers & Controllers" and at least with our Linear system they are true to their word.::PicayuneBill::5.0::September 13, 2013
R1W8BQAYT3L3OJ::Linear Act-31B 1-channel Keychain Xmitter::I wish I would have ordered this much, much earlier.It is small, works great at a distance, and is not cumbersome to carry with you.For the type of garagre  door opener I have, programing this xmitter was easy for me.This is because I was aware of the available "opener" functions without the  "opener" manual.Someone without this knowledge or the manual living in a large complex, like myself, may not have it so easy.::AndyA::4.0::December 11, 2012
RT9SZFX1IFNYP::Great little guy::Easy to synch and great response! Love the convenience of having on my key rings! Also the key separator is a great extra that's included!::Sergio L. Perry::5.0::June 2, 2014
R183LS7E2XOQ4U::Same units you can get elsewhere, but cheaper here!::You can buy these at the online gate supply websites, but these are identical - and cheaper.  Each has an individual code on the back so you can program them into a gate opener that has that feature.::Tabitha Judson::5.0::May 30, 2014
R1GOHYEVW65OAB::perfect transaction::Luv the product. Easy to program. Do not have to leave the remote in the car now. Just clip this on your car key ring.::Helene::5.0::May 13, 2014
R2T929S1A301Z0::So much better than the visor style opener::We've got a couple of aging linear visor style openers. The buttons are messed up, and it takes a very precise touch to get them to work. These little guys are solid. Button sensitivity is very good and they were easy to pair with our opener. Also, I prefer having the opener with they keys instead of in the car. I'm always concerned if the car is parked outside, someone can break in to the car and have free access to get in the house. With these, there's no remote for a thief to steal from the car. It took longer to get the little metal ring installed and onto the key chain than it did to program this. If the price were lower I'd order them for our spare key sets as well. Shipping was fast. Ordered on a Thursday received on Monday. Kudos to North Shore Commercial Door for their accurate and prompt fulfillment.::P. Smith::5.0::May 8, 2014
R1MDDZN187UKR3::Works well within a limited range::Nothing more to add.....It basically works until I get about 1 house away on a normal neighborhood street.  All good!::Amazon Customer::4.0::April 18, 2014
R1CJUKOU4HV30O::Replacement::I bought a house with a garage door opener but the former owners did not leave the openers so I purchased this one and programming it was easy.::John Hersey::5.0::April 12, 2014
R14PFLINPCGPLK::So Convenient::Looks like a car alarm for my scooter, but its actually a garage door opener.  Programming it took about 9 seconds.No instructions included so i looked up a utube video on how to program these little guys.  SUPER EASY!::Joshua J "Very Dry Skin"::5.0::April 7, 2014
R37C101PWY7KTG::Poor::Did not work well. They were way too finicky md found they just were not worth the dollars spent. Thank you::Pamela L. Russell::1.0::April 7, 2014
R2R3DHB3YCYZED::doesnt work!::Don't buy this product if you have other remotes synced to your device because it not only failed to sync to my device it successfully deprogrammed the other remotes and wireless key pad I had connected to my device. spend a few more dollars and get a better product.::live the mission::1.0::April 5, 2014
RUUE7N5FRHFXR::Great!::I just got this delivered yesterday. Really easy to set up - just 2 button pushes. Nice and compact. It fits on my keychain - not too bulky. It's about as big as my car key fob. I should have bought this sooner!::Amy::5.0::April 3, 2014
R1FEM8X3LOULP::Easy to Add::Received my Linear Act-31B 2 days earlier than the promised delivery date. Easy to add to my existing garage door. Hit the learn button after seeing those led lights, push the opener button and its done.::Felix Tupas::5.0::March 29, 2014
R1EHMUQ1BC4S3Q::Keychain transmitter::Works like a charm. More range than the over dash unit. Love it Will buy move of these as I need them.::Benny Freeman::5.0::March 16, 2014
R1A6NC6TRCYWXI::does not work::Got it fast but I have a Chamberlin lift master garage door and it won't program. Returning it for a refund.::ray dennis::1.0::March 13, 2014
R2OPFJL2EYOC6V::Keychain Transmitter::Didn't work for my lift master garage door gave it to a co-worker and it didn't work on his opener either::Mike::1.0::February 11, 2014
R2XRGMQU7READA::Excellent prdouct::Very good product , compact clean design. Only issue I had was configuring it. It came with no instructions and it was very hard to find out how to configure. Once I found out how, it is very easy as a click of a button.::DK::5.0::February 7, 2014
R2K1OCFC18XK2I::It didn't work for me::I read the reviews and I though I can replace my old garage transmitter but the documentation mislead me. .::ceerix::2.0::February 5, 2014
R1DPZIZNFUMTYQ::Perfect for my needs::I'm thrilled with product.  It meets my needs perfectly.  Due to my job, I have multiple residences.  This keychain remote allows me to access my garage door at a secondary home quickly and conveniently, without needing to place a large bulky transmitter on my visor.  It comes in handy when I'm not in my car or when I'm out in the yard, as well.  Range is awesome and was simple to set up.  Great product!::GREGG MATTHEW EASTERLY::5.0::January 27, 2014
R2QAPC1DAP9YFH::Does exactly what it's supposed to do and is a good size.::If you're looking for something that's pretty basic but does exactly what it's supposed to do...look no further.  I do wish it was smaller but it's not huge in the gran scheme of things.  For what it does it could be 1/4 of the size but all in all it's a good buy and I'd buy another one if I needed it.::PhantomApollyon::4.0::December 28, 2013
RLW5MZ7Z8P994::Very convenient::It doesn't work from as far away as a regular clicker but it is perfect for the dog sitter and other guests. Also great for rental cars so you don't accidentally leave your good clickers in them by mistake.::Paul Brown::5.0::December 22, 2013
R1BE6RUMOY9F69::Wonderful li'l transmitter!::It took 2 shipments to obtain a key chain transmitter that worked.  In all likelihood, the first transmitter received was defective to begin with.  Be it as it may, the transmitter works wonderfully in operating one of our garage doors.  The programming was a breeze; all-in-all it probably took a minute.  Thus far the transmitter has operated without a hitch.  Delighted.::FA Cabs::5.0::December 11, 2013
R2F3YCUHUDF6P7::Safer for vehicles parked outside::We love these! Convenient, easy to program, small, and we needed two more remotes. I didn't want to leave a garage door opener in a vehicle parked outside at night, so when our son got a truck, I got one of these. Then we moved some furniture into the garage for a remodel and my husband began temporarily parking outside so we ordered a second one. They work great and have better range than the standard type we have.::CarSho::5.0::December 6, 2013
R8PMJGRE939P9::Great!::It doesn't come with instructions so I had to look on youtube for a video on how the program it to my receiver. After I figured that out it took me 2 seconds to program it. Works great!::J. Giuliano::5.0::December 3, 2013
R1HFD09OL9M6LX::Good product at a great price::Size was perfect. Very easy to program. Great as a spare or to open downstairs garage from upstairs when needed.::Eric G.::5.0::November 26, 2013
R1V9NH38B0PZFU::More convenient::I like this opener better than the ones that come with the unit that clip to your visor. It's nice to always have it with me even when not in the car.The range is better than the visor remote too.The included quick-release is very useful to me.::J. Pope::4.0::October 2, 2013
RBSNZOUQOQQU5::Linear--Single Button Key Fob for a Garage Door::Just Hold it up to the Linear garage door opener head unit ,, push the two buttons simultaneously and Wallah!! It worked.,,,,Even a village idiot could do it..  What chew-u talk-in bout Willis???::David Balla "NWWDVD"::5.0::September 24, 2013
R2ELL8P5WYLC7Y::Does what it should::Took seconds to program to one of my openers.Small, light and easy to carry.  I put it on my keychain.::Moe Priell::5.0::September 16, 2013
R1VUVCRG8YSFTU::Great::Works great glad I was able to combine both. It is great to have when working in the yard very compact in your pocket::John De Wit::5.0::September 16, 2013
R3FRFER15PN5MG::garage door remote::Took less than five seconds to set up. Works from 50 feet + routinely. Very easy and convenient. Highly recommend.::JPB::5.0::September 7, 2013
RB3M6I74PDODD::works good::just what the tech ordered.work well and on the first try.Only thing is it only works in that brand name.::Alvarez Neely "PC KILLER"::5.0::August 18, 2013
R351Z6RFIRFBKF::Awesome Replacement::Needed it to replace a lost opener for a linear operator. Worked right out the package after programming. I may get another jst to get extras::DDA::5.0::August 9, 2013
R2X0M6KCDFQGYK::WORKS LIKE A CHAMP::This is the second transmitter like this I purchased and they work great.  The first one is still going strong but the wife wanted one to put on the dog leash.  I've had the first one for over a year with daily use and have not had to replace the battery.::Ole Whiskers::5.0::August 6, 2013
R25EXIZ6V7MEQB::Easy::This connected right up to my garage door opener (pushed the button on the opener to learn a new device, then pressed the button this and it connected) without any problems.I took off the swivel and one of the rings and put my bike key on it. Now I can hit the button while coming up the drive and not have to stop to pull into the garage.  Before I had a 3-button opener in my pocket. I'd have to stop to hit the button, then wait for the door to open.::D. Krogel::5.0::August 6, 2013
R2L8RZK8N7YORU::The perfect solution...::This product is the perfect solution of my problem, and the international delivery went smoothly. I come back later to buy more items if I need It.::Josue::4.0::August 3, 2013
R3OYVAC8RGQYH7::Garage Door Opener::Works great. Easy to program. We use it on our motorcycle to open the garage door. Price is reasonable.Would recommend it.::leo::5.0::July 19, 2013
R2BK9LCB91E994::Small size yet great range.::This transmitter is about half the size of the original and has better range.  It was also very easy to set up with my door opener and a pretty good price as well.::Justin Scholl::5.0::July 15, 2013
RT9189AIORYGC::Opens Gate from Your Car::This transmitter works well to open the entrance gate without getting out your vehicle. Perfect to avoid the snow and rain. Only changed the battery once in 7 years. the price is quite reasonable so purchase for several family members is a reasonable cost. It goes on your key ring and can be separated from your keys for valet parking. Have never had a problem with it.::nica "nica"::5.0::June 16, 2013
R17U3GHHW96S7U::Remote Garage Door Opener::I love this product, it allows you to keep your opener out of your car therefor barring access to your home if your car is broken into. I also like to use it when I go bike riding. I can open the door from across the street while I am in my car. Highly recommended.::Krista L Salerno::5.0::May 20, 2013
R9NT3MRKLACHA::Very easy setup, does the trick::Bought this transmitter to use when I ride on my bicycle so I can leave my car keys at home. Installation was a breeze, just pushing 2 buttons.Range is ok for what I need it for::Stefaan Van Damme::5.0::May 15, 2013
R1SCIBRFTQ89G7::Backup Opener::I have the transmitter attached to my jacket zipper for when I ride my Harley. Opens the garage door in plenty of time for me to park. The second opener is in the wife's purse for when she leaves the car at home and is out with friends. Very simple to program. Had it for a couple months and it works great.::Robert B::5.0::May 13, 2013
R23W0FR5J4HQYQ::garage door remote::I got this to replace a larger one that got lost. This one has more range and is much smaller::T. Drake "TD"::5.0::May 12, 2013
RDVZNU18DDLLD::Works Great::Ordered 2 remotes Thursday, they shipped Friday, received Monday.  Took 5 minutes to set up both.  So Easy and they have better range than the original bulky remote that came with the door.  Very pleased!!!  I'd recommend in a heartbeat!!::CNels::4.0::April 23, 2013
R23J9W8XIOIAIP::Solved our garage door opener problems.::Rather than call our local garage door opener company (which charged $500 last visit), I ordered this gizmo when our outdoor keypad locked.  One for me, one for my husband.  Easy to set up and works like a charm for a fraction of the price.::JuneCleaved "JuneCleaved"::4.0::March 29, 2013
R1EEMVV3K7SQ66::Best Price anywhere!::Bought two units for the price of one! Programming is not the easiest at first, but you have to read the instructions for the overhead door opener depending on your model number.::Erwin R. Figueroa "Slowfinger"::5.0::February 22, 2013
R2EN9R7I76KVTH::What's not to love...::It does exactly what it's supposed to do. It's small, lightweight and was very easy to program with the included instructions.::jman995x "jman995x"::5.0::January 22, 2013
R2Q98K8TEMDJSP::Great product for my Linear Garage Door::Arrived quick and in good shape.  Had to get on a ladder to get to garage door motor. Instuctions for me were this: Press and hold the button for remote then press and hold the learn button on the motor.  I did not have to take off the cover of my motor as it was clearly labled on the motor box.  Release the learn button for the motor but continue to hold button for the remote for about 30 sec. it should learn the code. I held the remote right up to the learn button just in case it needed really close proximity.  Hope this helps.::bigwoodythedruid::5.0::January 16, 2013
R2JDVUMM5B6P44::Just right!::We wanted a small remote that would fit on a keychain.  This one fits the bill, and has a nice range.::A. Williams::5.0::January 13, 2013
RYFW8FC5LN732::Works great::I got these for the kids so they could close and open the garage door when they go on bike rides instead of leaving the garage door wide open while no one is home.  They were super easy to link up and have held up fine over the last couple of months of use by a couple of teens.::Amazon Customer::5.0::December 17, 2012
R2NQBTWCOK7JSY::Exactly as advertised.::This is exactly what I wanted.  It might even be easier than the remote button that was in my old car.::Paul Walker::5.0::December 4, 2012
R3PHE195SDBZRJ::Works perfectly.::Works perfectly with my Linear garage opener. It paired instantly and works great. The range isn't great, but it's fine when you're close enough.::sirwolliam::4.0::October 24, 2012
R2NEQQQQPRA88E::Your search is over.::As other reviewers noted, it took more time to break out the ladder than it did to program the transmitter. I programmed a pair in about 120 seconds -- I didn't unwrap them first.Convenient and discreet.Excellent.::Nick::5.0::October 12, 2012
R18ZF4X0M4ZZL0::Too Easy!::I have a Linear MegaCode Garage Door Opener 318 Mhz (confirmed "MegaCode" by going to Linear website - If you have lost your instruction booklet).  Received the remotes (2 ordered) in small plastic bags with folded instructions.  I read the instructions, but they really were not needed for the opener that I have.  All you do is push the "Learn" button on the garage door opener and after the light flashes, push the button on the remote.  This caused the opener to flash a couple more times and that was all I needed.  It took literally 5 seconds from start to finish, if you were to ignore the part about reading the unnecessary instructions.  Great item that works and feels well built.::Mace Thomas::5.0::September 12, 2012
R1COLV9ZFYY96S::greatest thing since sliced bread!::Ordered 3 because I only got one opener with my new garage door ... and already misplaced it.I should have ordered them MONTHS ago.  They work from the end of my driveway (over 80 feet) on the first press of the button.  Crazy-easy to program:  got a ladder, got the openers, climbed up, pressed buttons as instructions indicated and voila, 3 garage door openers that work on the first try.  Couldn't have been easier.  Great size for my keychain too.  Not so sure the "quick release" is going to hold up but its not a feature I really need.::Nature Girl::5.0::July 27, 2012
R1TN5VBAYB5GD9::Perfect for our needs::Nice keychain remote, arrived in 2 days with amazon prime shipping. I needed a remote for the car I leave parked in the driveway and did not want to leave a remote in it, this fits the bill perfectly. Programmed with ease in 1 minute or less. Would recommend this to others.::DW::5.0::July 22, 2012
R3HKH9XASRFBLB::Works great::I bought this becasue my opener wasn't working well and thought this would be small and easy to use. It was easy to program and works very well.::CBGirl::5.0::June 10, 2012
RPFBS9LOU6SSS::Keychain::Works great! Have had it for a few months now and have had no problems. Easy to setup. Only thing that i had to get used to, is that moving around with my keys in my pocket sometimes opened the garage door.::Wileyb::5.0::January 13, 2012
R2ZQL7WVFWRFN2::Great!::Came quickly. Fits on my key chain.  Easy to program.  Just make sure you get the right frequency for your garage!::shin27::5.0::June 23, 2011
R3N8NZ9SH4LRMA::Excellent product::I love this garage remote. It works perfectly, was easy to set up, and is handy to have on my key chain!::WI_Ted::5.0::May 10, 2011
R88QIP7Q23I8S::...better than the original::Our original garage door opener is bulky and hard to find a place for it in our cars.  This one hangs on the keychain and is much less intrusive.  What's more!  It was easily programmed.::Merlin808::5.0::January 27, 2011
RQRAU1I4IDTTE::amazing remote::this remote took only seconds to pair with my opener and it works excellent no longer have to worry that if someone broke into my truck they could easily grab my big old bulky remote and get right into the house but with this one my opener is always with me and my car keys::slo-moe::5.0::January 17, 2011
RH6GLY8WRD7JH::Good Value::Looking for something different besides the typical garage door opener that hangs from your visor.  This one was small and can detach from your key chain.  Was worth the money, no to mention was fairly cheap.::Kevin L. Kersey "KLK"::5.0::April 18, 2010
R2BYRJW99K4152::A great keychain remote for my garage::I bought this keychain remote from ASPDoors on Amazon for my Linear garage door opener (2006).  I had another identical remote that got lost and I just missed having it.  I use it when I go walk my dog - it's easy to just take along with me when I go.  We also use this to loan out to family or friends when they need access to the house.  I've had no problems with it, the range is normal and it always works.  I highly recommend this product.::Trista::5.0::March 19, 2010
R1OK6Q3XBGJ8ZH::Nice product, poor instructions.::Had to return this item because the instructions to program it were not clear.  I bought a replacement item that had better instructions, and it was a breeze.  I'm sure this opener would work had I known how to program it.  Learn from my fail:  rather than hold the remote button down when programming, repeatedly press it until the it's programmed.  This is a nice little single button opener.::Ron Misfeldt::3.0::November 2, 2013
R179ERD7X35YD4::Not 4 Me::Thought I could use this on my garage door since it also was a Linear, no JOY! for this cat! Max::Max T. Cat "MaxCat"::1.0::February 26, 2014
R1FB9Z8DGMDBF1::useless::programming directions were useless...contacted linear corp twice...to no avail.  Was replacing the identical unit but the programming instructions are of no value::John L. Falk "texgent"::1.0::October 9, 2013
RBTFDKP8D8SEB::Piece of worthless junk; buy something with an led or a speaker instead of this joke of a remote.::Does not do what it is sold to do. Purchased for a Linear gate. Does not program. There is no beep, there is no light, the instructions are in terrible English. For all I know, this thing was shipped awith dead batteries. Returned.::kimber::1.0::October 6, 2013
R2NWCAKZYWUGMN::won't purchase again.::Will not work with All-Star controllers, any savings this purchase might have provided were lost having to by additional remotes.::FlintFinder::1.0::September 8, 2013
R1QK87K7WUK3MO::Disappointed::I am returning these remotes. I was not able to get them to work with my Craftsman garage door opener. I tried the other reviewers hints and still didn't work. I tried calling technical support, but didn't end up speaking to anyone since there was a fee to do so.I guess I just need to keep looking.::VLee::2.0::August 29, 2013
R241SX0WX42YW4::Return it::It does not fit the opener of my garage door. can not set the frequency well. Try before you buy.::Zhengzhong Lin::3.0::August 16, 2013
R1RD628PCSNXI4::Did not work::This item does not work.  Tried replacing the batteries that came with it, no success.  I had to return it and try another model.::Triplim::1.0::April 7, 2013
R2P0KJ0XLJ818O::Poor packaging/incomplete data::My problem is not with the transmitters themselves but rather with the way they were packaged and shipped.  This device includes, in addition to the unique code label on the device itself, a facility code of an additional 2 digits which provides further security (additional uniqueness of code).  This additonal code was not supplied with the device.  The manufacturer normally sells these in blocks of ten (I ordered ten) which are consecutive code numbers with the facility code labeled on the outer package.  The entry system is programmed to be able to enter these codes in blocks rather than each individually.  I received 10 randomly coded devices thrown in a box without any packing or identification of the facility code.  As I chose to keep them rather than return I have limited reason to complain I suppose.  Other than the foregoing the transmitters work fine.::greenbean::3.0::May 30, 2011
R2M5PRBXOOKNSD::Linear Keychain transmitter::Could only program one of the 4 units.  Each time I would program a second unit, it would cancel out the previous.::Dr. Bert O. Miller::3.0::January 28, 2013
RRBCHPMT7KP0B::Sorry but it did not work::I was so disappointed when I got these. They did not work on my garage door opener . I had to return them and I am waiting for my refund.I hope it gets here soon as it was over $50.00.I could really use that right now.I am sad that the openers did not work.::Mary Cobabe "Mary L."::1.0::December 21, 2011
R2XSLIED1BZ3B5::Good, but needs work::This is a nifty idea if you're tired of messing with keys or a touch pad with a load of groceries in your arms. The idea is, you can open your door from a short distance with the press of a button. I installed it on door in the garage that opens to the house. Now we can zap the lock from our car. Installation is about as easy as it could be, given the need to line up the latch carefully.Just a few problems that could be fixed by a little engineering and better management:1. The mechanism is noisy; not that it matters much, since you don't use it often. But it definitely gets your attention.2. The biggest problem is that the key fobs are unnecessarily bulky and a little unreliable. You get two with the unit, and one that I received didn't work. Calling for help was useless (see below). I eventually took it apart and found that a contact was out of alignment. I bent it so that it would work, but discovered that ordinary pressure on the housing when you push a button is enough to misalign it. So I can keep it working only if I use light pressure carefully. You can buy extra fobs for $15 a pop, but why should you have to? I thought of sending it back for replacement, but then I'd have to spend more money on postage and handling, with no assurance that the replacement would work any better, considering the design. As to the general operation, the manufacturer says that it's radio frequency, not infrared, so you don't have to point it at the doorlock. That seems to be true, but I've found that the operation is a little sporadic. Sometimes it fails to respond for no apparent reason. Also, you can't just give the buttons a quick touch. You have to hold them down for a second or two.3. Customer service was good news/bad news. The good is that I got through to someone immediately. I told the guy that the remote didn't work, and that I suspected a weak battery. But his reply was basically, "Yeah, so what, we don't guarantee batteries. You can probably get them at Radio Shack." Since the unit uses two watch batteries, I figured replacing them would be relatively expensive, and I told him that the unit had failed to work right out of the box. No response. After that I opened the unit and eventually discovered the problem with the contact.The problems with the fobs (remotes) are a major drawback because there's no point in having the unit if they don't work well. And the bulkiness is simply bad engineering (key fobs for cars are more complex, yet smaller and more reliable). So if there were other options available, I would recommend them. But it appears that this is the only unit of its kind on the market, and it does work as advertised as long as you're careful with the fob.::Don Wilkins, Ph.D.::3.0::May 12, 2007
R264V1856MWFZE::Better than other reviewers' posted...::...maybe not perfect, but what the heck is? Since I now use a wheelchair for mobility, this remote door lock is a godsend...I could not reach to unlock the door with a key...also, I can lock/unlock from bed...works well, sometimes a little slow if from a distance...but I am extemely happy this exists and works!And since it has been sometime since a review, the remote buttons are recessed, and many other issues appear resolved...I'd buy again!::B. Singer "S&W; Winger"::5.0::June 2, 2010
R720QNMVAIZ0I::Ok but not quite right::Worked well for the first month or so but came to hate the remote buttons which stick out from the remote.  The result of the buttons being raised allowed the buttons to be pushed when in a purse or pocket, draining the batteries very quickly.  The internal gears of the lock seem weak compared to a black and decker one I had several years ago at another location.  Occasionaly they would slip if the door was not perfectly centered resulting in the use of the key to open the door.::Just a reviewer::2.0::February 17, 2007
R2O24AKNXT28HU::Love it except in the winters::I love this remote.  My boyfriend and I fight to see who can lock the door the fastest.  It is fabulous when I get out of the car and don't want to balance keys and items from the car.  It has a great range and I often crank my car and lock the door from the car.My only challenge it not necessarily a problem with the lock, but in the winter, my front door shrinks some which cause the deadbolt to not lock or not open.  Right now, the lock is not completely opening and I had to use a knife to get the lock to move completely out of the way.Update - 1 year later.  The lock broke in the locked position.  I had to break into my house through a window.  The bolt would NOT MOVE. I had to unscrew the lock from the inside once I got in, and had to replace the lock with a regular one.  I ruined the doorframe trying to pry the lock back and open.  I don't regret the lock, but it was a nightmare when it broke.::Auburn Girl "Allicat"::4.0::December 5, 2007
R1KJZ7JRV3X5M5::not what it seems::The picture does not show that there is a hugh box on the back of the door which in my case makes this product worthless.::Howard::1.0::September 6, 2009
R3DBABY8WIFE6H::Handy....."IF"::Purchased for my father who is in a wheelchair and needs the remote option.Well, i do not recall reading anything when we purchased this unit aboutit not perforning if you have s steel (metal) core door.We end up findig this out within the first week of frustration.The CSR told my father that this a a common problem.Well.....if that's the case, why not add that to your item description ????We were told that if we made a "gasket" out of thin rubber or cork that would solve the problem. We'll see.....::katt::3.0::December 19, 2010
R24569DVHVXW0O::Misrepresented::This is a good deadbolt, and the remote has surprising range. However, the write-up is incorrect in their advertisement of an auto-lock function. This deadbolt does NOT have any such function. We have been informed by the manufacturer that that has never been available on their deadbolts.::Sunshyn Vanderheiden "Sunshyn"::3.0::June 20, 2006
R2SQMUT0GVFT2N::Electronic Dead Bolt for entry door::This was a replacement for the old Black and Decker system that is no longer made. Perfect fit, easy instructions, great lock works 100%. Even comes with it's own phillips screw driver that is the correct size.This company have made great improvements on this lock and the technology is current. The key way is an SW1 the best keyway in the US. Locksmith was impressed, as old keyway was KW. It came well packages and very quickly. Would recomend that if you need an electronic entry way and don't want to mess with pushing numbers in the dark, this is the answer. Our entry is on the dark side and you can push the buttom on the key fob transmitter and open or close the lock. The red and green light tells you if the transmitter and reciver connected. Well worth the money with two fob transmitters and two SW-1 keys.The old one had a red led inside to tell when it was locked the new does not.::Dr. Terrance Nordmann "Wolftwo"::5.0::March 16, 2007
R2737Y3NLODXWU::Great Product and Customer Service::I Have been using this RF deadbolt for about 2 months now and it works great.  It was a snap to install and works as advertised.  Remote range is pretty good, about 25ft or so.  The construction is sturdy, and brass has a nice finish.  The instructions were pretty decent and only tricky part is lining up the dead bolt hole to the dead bolt.  If you don't get that accurately it may  not lock, and give you the annoying error beep.  It took me a few tries to get it right.  Make sure you check the little switch in the back and its in the position for left or right hand door otherwise the remote buttons will work in opposite.  I called Morning industries to verify this and their customer service was AWESOME.  Very helpful and knowledgeable.  I ended up ordering two more remotes from them too.  Best part of the system is you can add and remove remotes as you wish.  If you loose one just erase it from the system and add a new one.::Hima Yapa "Hima"::5.0::March 6, 2007
RPPRW9I463M9F::Loved it... for about 3 months::Oh you'll love this door lock... for about three months. At first it's really cool: Remote control operation, no more keys... but then you hate it. Because the key fobs break (I've had to replace two). They're cheaply made. The buttons protrude, which leads to accidental unlocking and battery drain. The deadbolt often gets stuck. This thing is the technology of the future, if you're living in 1982. Also, the customer service is terrible. Trust me on this, it's fun for a bit but then you hate it. I'm only on Amazon because I'm shopping for new locks...::cowstein::2.0::February 10, 2011
R1V3F5X69VXGPG::Better than advertised::Morning Industries should display both parts of this product to fully illustrate the appearance of the completed installation.  The lock is sturdy and nice looking.::sonny::5.0::February 16, 2013
R33XVTEWYJIKUZ::Awesome gift::Bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it! I was able to use with existing outside hardware(not allowed to change b/c of HOA rules) I highly recommend for people that always have their arms full!::Skiing79::5.0::January 17, 2013
R18MUCG23IN2D::Easy install and you don't even have to replace your current lock!::Installation is quite easy with this unit and you don't even have to replace the locks you already have in place. Where I live I cannot replace the BEST industrial locks on the doors but I still wanted the remote feature. All I had to do was unscrew the indoor side and replace it with the mechanical unit from this. The existing screws worked all the same and I was able to complete the installation in a few minutes.At first install the range of the remote wasn't that far. I e-mailed tech support and they told me to line the back of the unit with duct tape and that should help. Well I ended up just using some masking tape and the range increased about 5-10 feet. This only seems to be an issue on Metal Doors. But overall I am very satisfied with the lock.The main reason I purchased this unit is because it can work with INSTEON Home Automation Products with the "MorningLinc" adapter. We the switches I have around the house I can choose to lock the doors. This comes in handy with the table side switch I have on my nightstand, at night I just press a button and all the doors get locked and I can sleep with that peace of mind.All in all I was very satisfied with this unit and would recommend it to anyone especially if you have INSTEON products in your house.UPDATE: I just purchased and installed another unit and again installation was just as easy. I recommend this to anyone!::J. Blair::5.0::July 13, 2010
R1GBS8F81LQRD9::Awesome::I had one of these a long time ago.  I wanted to get one for my new condo.  Installed perfectly!No issues.Love it.::Sashmo::5.0::March 18, 2011
R8LCKLM5WND3Q::Excellent, just what I was looking for.::I had a different brand of remote lock in the past and it was not as well constructed or as nice looking as this Morning Industry model.  The lock installed easily and quickly (just remember if installing on a steel door to put duct tape on the back of the metal bracket on the inside of the door to keep it from touching the door, otherwise there will be interference with the signal).  It has a solid feel and works well thus far.  The bronze is lighter than my Kwikset knob and I wish this company sold a knob with it in matching finish.  Otherwise, it's great!::Fred Lutcher::5.0::March 14, 2012
R3JC50KQ8F5FB::works well::Overall this product is working well for me.  Installation is fairly easy (easier if you've put in a door lock before).  However, the directions included in the box I received leave a lot to be desired.  The clear (C) and set (S) buttons were mislabled on the direction sheet.  Go by what's printed on the unit itself.  Also, fyi, the small switch lets you toggle the open/closed directions of the lock depending on how your door is hung.::MattG::4.0::July 15, 2009
R3KLOU3045C88X::Works like a charm!::Very good item. I had a minor installation problem, called the company and they gave clear instructions and were very curtious. The lock itself is well made and very convenient. I would recommend this remote deadbolt to everyone. I Always use the remote and haven't used the key since I've had this!::DenDen::5.0::January 18, 2009
R1PWSDMQHFZNWE::Great Product::RF Remote Deadbolt, BrassThis is a GREAT PRODUCT We have used it for over a year and have not had any problems with unit or the remotes. It was super easy to install and has worked flawlessly as described in the product review.  Two thumbs up for a great, easy to use product.::J. Keesler "indiana dad"::5.0::December 1, 2007
R12NLUVV8DQGGL::Remote Control Deadbolt Lock::THIS REMOTE CONTROL DEADBOLT LOCK IS EVERYTHING THAT I WANTED.  THERE WAS ONE ON MY HOUSE WHEN I BOUGHT IT.  REPLACING IT WAS A PROBLEM.  NONE OF THE BIG BOX STORES CARRY THIS ITEM.  I WAS SO GLAD TO FIND IT ON AMAZON.COM.  I WAS A LITTLE RETICENT THAT IT MIGHT NOT BE GOOD.  IT IS GREAT.  NO REGRETS.  IT'S NOT CLEAR IN THE DESCRIPTION...LET ME TELL YOU...YOU GET TWO KEYS AND TWO REMOTE CONTROLS.  PERFECT.  YOU CAN LOCK YOUR DEADBOLT AS YOU WALK AWAY TOWARD YOUR CAR.  YOU CAN UNLOCK IT AS YOU APPROACH YOUR DOOR WHEN RETURNING.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.::Captain Bruce::5.0::November 15, 2012
R1J624GYTW4UIT::Great Product...terrible remotes!::I received my remote control deadbolt and had it installed and working within an hour. Just follow the directions to the letter and you should have no problem...the instructions are a little sparse but the illustrations are good. Now for the remotes...if they were a little better I would have given 5 stars. They are very cheaply made...now don't get me wrong...they work...just you may have to push the button 2 or 3 times...mostly twice for me. Since I haven't had them too long I can't say how long they will last...but it wouldn't surprise me if they lasted only six months. They are however cheap to replace. Anyway lock performs great...remote has a decent range (30 - 40 feet) just hope the remote lasts longer than it looks.::Amazon Customer::4.0::January 18, 2009
R1UGZ3BOR15M2S::i wanted this to work sooo badly::this lock worked great for a few months and then became very tempermental.  the dead bolt will not retract completely anymore.  so i have to manually turn the lock on the inside, push the door shut and then turn the deadbolt to lock.  i haven't replaced the lock but am back to using the key....making this lock pointless.  based on past reviews, i never called customer service....save your money and wait for better quality.::darlene mccauley::1.0::February 10, 2011
R3PNTHWYUP1GXD::Very good product::Perfect for handicapped people who know who's at the door (i.e. nurse, relative, take out food, drug store, other expected people). You can unlock and/or lock the door from approx. 20 feet away without getting up. It beeps once to confirm an unlock and beeps twice to confirm it locked. I installed it myself. It no more difficult than an ordinary dead bolt install. My first lock had a short and drained the battery in a week. They're customer service was very helpful and shipped a replacement out. It's working perfectly now.::Frank J. Girardi Jr.::5.0::December 16, 2012
RYFTB5HYEY64E::Morning Industry RF-01P Radio Frequency Remote Deadbolt, Polished Brass::The hardest part of the installation was getting the old lock set out.Good instructions, but the print is too small.I could recommend to anyone.::Richard P. Seidel::5.0::April 21, 2014
R380IS8NFQL6A::Works well and was very easy to install::The installation was a breeze and it works as advertised. The Rubbed Bronze finish was an almost exact match to the existing Rubbed Bronze Baldwin hardware and the unit doesn't look cheap on the door. The remote has good range. Only con for me is the remote doesn't appear to be  particularly sturdy but time will tell.::DM near the bay::4.0::April 11, 2014
R2GHODFB6ZFWAY::WORKS GREAT111::I came with no instructions. I had to replace the bats in the keyfobs  CRO2016 about $3.50 each.otherwise it is Good To Go::carl allen::4.0::April 3, 2014
RCE1PVNCNO4K9::Excellent product!::Purchased for person with mobility issues and confined to wheelchair.  This works wonderfully when entering the house and once in.  You can not only lock the door behind you with the push of a button but also unlock when someone's there once you recognize the voice without having to go to the door.::G. Smith::5.0::March 27, 2014
R3HA4N64KSSE9K::Lock does what was expected.::It does what I expected.  I  did not plan on buying a new door because the lock did not match the original hole from the old lock.::Richard limerick::5.0::February 21, 2014
R3JEA9IU4F6B4D::Great product for handicap.::I am unable to walk very well and have many people coming over to help me during the day. This way I can keep the door locked and hit the remote when my nurse comes over without taking 10 minutes to get to the door. Would also recommend to any lazy individual or busy person that always have their hands full.::Steve::5.0::February 15, 2014
R151HT80PCR2PD::This is great--but only when it works!::This was meant to be a solution for someone in my home with low vision and difficulty with keys. Everyone loved it when it worked (3 or 4 months), but it is now just another crap lock that requires a key. Waiting to see if KEVO is a better choice.::Jack JustJack::3.0::September 12, 2013
R37B6BX9VJ9SPI::love it::bought both this and the knob bolt from this manufacturer and they both work with the same fob. This works reliably, just like on my car no keys to fumble with. I use imedion rechargeable batteries now, i used to use eneloops and duracell hybrids, they work just as well and last about 9-12 months. The fobs die faster, probably 6 months but battery changes are a breeze. Most of the time, even if batteries die the locks usually don't need recode setting.  Battery changes are a breeze. Instructions are left on the inside of the unit so you never forget how to reset codes if needed. one of the locks could be set automatically to lock after several seconds but not the other, i forgot if it was the deadbolt lock or knob lock, since they both didnt have that feature i just  turned that feature off.  Excellent product. Also, i live in a condo, where all door locks look identical, these fit beautifully. Noone can tell these are not the original locks. Very discreet. I intend to purchase another set for my elderly mom. I have had this for three years now, still working. I am not gentle with closing my doors.  The finish looks just like the day they were purchased.::Boopie::5.0::August 28, 2013
R3D7L3QZFM0MEC::Convenient lock::Easy to install and easy to use.  I love not having to struggle to put the key in the keyhole.  Plus if you get the same brand of knob you can very easily set the remote to work on both at the same time.::Teresa Norris::5.0::January 12, 2013
RGMAZ20D2E7XL::Great Product Remotes Suck::This product is great for me. I live in a condo and my first floor is the garage so when ppl come over and leave and I do not have to go up and down a flight of steps to lock and unlock the door. But if you have to keep the remote in a pocket, like everyone else said the buttons are raised up. So in pocket, purse, or whatever the batteries drain in a day or two.::F. Afshar::3.0::December 4, 2010
R2NB4FVPPUWPRF::Remote deadbolt has weak remote::The lock looks & works great.  However one remote has failed after 2 months.  I fear the other may as well.  Good lock, weak remote.  If it had a better remote & I would give 5 stars...::C. E. Hodgson::4.0::February 22, 2010
R2Z46CM3FLBI7K::Good lock, works well::Got this for my 90 year old Mom, works well.Beeps for open and close could be louder for the hard of hearing.::James J. Darby "Seabiscuit"::5.0::February 25, 2013
R12M63F9LE4RU9::hidden pitfall::This device looked like the solution for my porch access  gate.  The situation does not need high security just controllable privacy.  The product picture shows a conventional deadbolt and says it is just a drop-in replacement.  What they DON'T show is the backside (inside of door). Instead of a conventional key lock (double bolt) or a thumb knob there is a very large box (about 2" x 5") that houses the batteries and electronics.  First, it is too large to fit most deadbolt/doorknob installations, and second it is not weatherproof so it must be on an interior side.I really don't know who could use this.  It is suitable for a door with ONLY a deadbolt (no knob) and with one side protected from weather.::David A. Crossley::1.0::April 8, 2012
R37SOGG1L9ZTTH::Remote Control Deadbolt::Don't waste your time unless your door and old lock is perfect. If you do not line up perfectly, even just a little tight on the bolt going intothe hole and it won't work. I had a lot of trouble with the remote somehow not working at all and had to re-set it up. It was a real cool idea but definately not worth the money or hassle. Just my opinion. Instead I bought one from Home Depot with a kepad and deadbolt latch that would spin unless you put in the code then it would let you manually turn and unlock it. I love this one and so does everyone else that seescit. You can program different codes for different people and delete codes anytime.::Amazon Customer::1.0::June 19, 2013
RXMH52K400KNP::Schlage could not do this!::I have to say it less than perfect but does work the majority of the time.  It is just so frustrating that no one else makes these in a high quality design!  Schlage claims it can't be done for residential stuff due to poor alignment of so many deadbolt installations and the amount of force needed to through the bolt. I say that is hogwash! If this company can make one that pretty much works most of the time and sell it for peanuts then I KNOW it can be designed with a larger housing inside, stronger motor, more battery, and/or more reduction ratio or whatever the term is so that the same amount of force is multiplied only slower ...like 1st gear on a 10 speed bike rather than 5th gear for instance ...yes it already is kinda slow and it would be slower still but have mor ummph!  So a company like Schlage or kwikset or Baldwin or whoever is without excuse! It could be done absolutely and we could also have the keypad and cel phone/ PC interface to provide access to someone even though we are accross the country etc etc.  The big guys have these bells and whistles but they cant even give you a motor like this company did! People that have the Schlage for instance can only go though Schlage web site to allow someone to turn the bolt manually RIGHT NOW THIS SECOND to unlock the door, and then all over again to RELOCK it! That has to be a nightmare! Oh I know if we wanted to shell out thousands of dollars we could have commercial stuff installed but I am talking about real world homeowner two hundred buck maximumish ...this is state of the art, like it or not ...at least they make the effort and it helps some of us.::Dougie Quick "Dougie Quick"::4.0::August 26, 2011
R2XSLIED1BZ3B5::Good, but needs work::This is a nifty idea if you're tired of messing with keys or a touch pad with a load of groceries in your arms. The idea is, you can open your door from a short distance with the press of a button. I installed it on door in the garage that opens to the house. Now we can zap the lock from our car. Installation is about as easy as it could be, given the need to line up the latch carefully.Just a few problems that could be fixed by a little engineering and better management:1. The mechanism is noisy; not that it matters much, since you don't use it often. But it definitely gets your attention.2. The biggest problem is that the key fobs are unnecessarily bulky and a little unreliable. You get two with the unit, and one that I received didn't work. Calling for help was useless (see below). I eventually took it apart and found that a contact was out of alignment. I bent it so that it would work, but discovered that ordinary pressure on the housing when you push a button is enough to misalign it. So I can keep it working only if I use light pressure carefully. You can buy extra fobs for $15 a pop, but why should you have to? I thought of sending it back for replacement, but then I'd have to spend more money on postage and handling, with no assurance that the replacement would work any better, considering the design. As to the general operation, the manufacturer says that it's radio frequency, not infrared, so you don't have to point it at the doorlock. That seems to be true, but I've found that the operation is a little sporadic. Sometimes it fails to respond for no apparent reason. Also, you can't just give the buttons a quick touch. You have to hold them down for a second or two.3. Customer service was good news/bad news. The good is that I got through to someone immediately. I told the guy that the remote didn't work, and that I suspected a weak battery. But his reply was basically, "Yeah, so what, we don't guarantee batteries. You can probably get them at Radio Shack." Since the unit uses two watch batteries, I figured replacing them would be relatively expensive, and I told him that the unit had failed to work right out of the box. No response. After that I opened the unit and eventually discovered the problem with the contact.The problems with the fobs (remotes) are a major drawback because there's no point in having the unit if they don't work well. And the bulkiness is simply bad engineering (key fobs for cars are more complex, yet smaller and more reliable). So if there were other options available, I would recommend them. But it appears that this is the only unit of its kind on the market, and it does work as advertised as long as you're careful with the fob.::Don Wilkins, Ph.D.::3.0::May 12, 2007
R264V1856MWFZE::Better than other reviewers' posted...::...maybe not perfect, but what the heck is? Since I now use a wheelchair for mobility, this remote door lock is a godsend...I could not reach to unlock the door with a key...also, I can lock/unlock from bed...works well, sometimes a little slow if from a distance...but I am extemely happy this exists and works!And since it has been sometime since a review, the remote buttons are recessed, and many other issues appear resolved...I'd buy again!::B. Singer "S&W; Winger"::5.0::June 2, 2010
R720QNMVAIZ0I::Ok but not quite right::Worked well for the first month or so but came to hate the remote buttons which stick out from the remote.  The result of the buttons being raised allowed the buttons to be pushed when in a purse or pocket, draining the batteries very quickly.  The internal gears of the lock seem weak compared to a black and decker one I had several years ago at another location.  Occasionaly they would slip if the door was not perfectly centered resulting in the use of the key to open the door.::Just a reviewer::2.0::February 17, 2007
R2O24AKNXT28HU::Love it except in the winters::I love this remote.  My boyfriend and I fight to see who can lock the door the fastest.  It is fabulous when I get out of the car and don't want to balance keys and items from the car.  It has a great range and I often crank my car and lock the door from the car.My only challenge it not necessarily a problem with the lock, but in the winter, my front door shrinks some which cause the deadbolt to not lock or not open.  Right now, the lock is not completely opening and I had to use a knife to get the lock to move completely out of the way.Update - 1 year later.  The lock broke in the locked position.  I had to break into my house through a window.  The bolt would NOT MOVE. I had to unscrew the lock from the inside once I got in, and had to replace the lock with a regular one.  I ruined the doorframe trying to pry the lock back and open.  I don't regret the lock, but it was a nightmare when it broke.::Auburn Girl "Allicat"::4.0::December 5, 2007
R1KJZ7JRV3X5M5::not what it seems::The picture does not show that there is a hugh box on the back of the door which in my case makes this product worthless.::Howard::1.0::September 6, 2009
R3DBABY8WIFE6H::Handy....."IF"::Purchased for my father who is in a wheelchair and needs the remote option.Well, i do not recall reading anything when we purchased this unit aboutit not perforning if you have s steel (metal) core door.We end up findig this out within the first week of frustration.The CSR told my father that this a a common problem.Well.....if that's the case, why not add that to your item description ????We were told that if we made a "gasket" out of thin rubber or cork that would solve the problem. We'll see.....::katt::3.0::December 19, 2010
R24569DVHVXW0O::Misrepresented::This is a good deadbolt, and the remote has surprising range. However, the write-up is incorrect in their advertisement of an auto-lock function. This deadbolt does NOT have any such function. We have been informed by the manufacturer that that has never been available on their deadbolts.::Sunshyn Vanderheiden "Sunshyn"::3.0::June 20, 2006
R2SQMUT0GVFT2N::Electronic Dead Bolt for entry door::This was a replacement for the old Black and Decker system that is no longer made. Perfect fit, easy instructions, great lock works 100%. Even comes with it's own phillips screw driver that is the correct size.This company have made great improvements on this lock and the technology is current. The key way is an SW1 the best keyway in the US. Locksmith was impressed, as old keyway was KW. It came well packages and very quickly. Would recomend that if you need an electronic entry way and don't want to mess with pushing numbers in the dark, this is the answer. Our entry is on the dark side and you can push the buttom on the key fob transmitter and open or close the lock. The red and green light tells you if the transmitter and reciver connected. Well worth the money with two fob transmitters and two SW-1 keys.The old one had a red led inside to tell when it was locked the new does not.::Dr. Terrance Nordmann "Wolftwo"::5.0::March 16, 2007
R2737Y3NLODXWU::Great Product and Customer Service::I Have been using this RF deadbolt for about 2 months now and it works great.  It was a snap to install and works as advertised.  Remote range is pretty good, about 25ft or so.  The construction is sturdy, and brass has a nice finish.  The instructions were pretty decent and only tricky part is lining up the dead bolt hole to the dead bolt.  If you don't get that accurately it may  not lock, and give you the annoying error beep.  It took me a few tries to get it right.  Make sure you check the little switch in the back and its in the position for left or right hand door otherwise the remote buttons will work in opposite.  I called Morning industries to verify this and their customer service was AWESOME.  Very helpful and knowledgeable.  I ended up ordering two more remotes from them too.  Best part of the system is you can add and remove remotes as you wish.  If you loose one just erase it from the system and add a new one.::Hima Yapa "Hima"::5.0::March 6, 2007
RPPRW9I463M9F::Loved it... for about 3 months::Oh you'll love this door lock... for about three months. At first it's really cool: Remote control operation, no more keys... but then you hate it. Because the key fobs break (I've had to replace two). They're cheaply made. The buttons protrude, which leads to accidental unlocking and battery drain. The deadbolt often gets stuck. This thing is the technology of the future, if you're living in 1982. Also, the customer service is terrible. Trust me on this, it's fun for a bit but then you hate it. I'm only on Amazon because I'm shopping for new locks...::cowstein::2.0::February 10, 2011
R1V3F5X69VXGPG::Better than advertised::Morning Industries should display both parts of this product to fully illustrate the appearance of the completed installation.  The lock is sturdy and nice looking.::sonny::5.0::February 16, 2013
R33XVTEWYJIKUZ::Awesome gift::Bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it! I was able to use with existing outside hardware(not allowed to change b/c of HOA rules) I highly recommend for people that always have their arms full!::Skiing79::5.0::January 17, 2013
R18MUCG23IN2D::Easy install and you don't even have to replace your current lock!::Installation is quite easy with this unit and you don't even have to replace the locks you already have in place. Where I live I cannot replace the BEST industrial locks on the doors but I still wanted the remote feature. All I had to do was unscrew the indoor side and replace it with the mechanical unit from this. The existing screws worked all the same and I was able to complete the installation in a few minutes.At first install the range of the remote wasn't that far. I e-mailed tech support and they told me to line the back of the unit with duct tape and that should help. Well I ended up just using some masking tape and the range increased about 5-10 feet. This only seems to be an issue on Metal Doors. But overall I am very satisfied with the lock.The main reason I purchased this unit is because it can work with INSTEON Home Automation Products with the "MorningLinc" adapter. We the switches I have around the house I can choose to lock the doors. This comes in handy with the table side switch I have on my nightstand, at night I just press a button and all the doors get locked and I can sleep with that peace of mind.All in all I was very satisfied with this unit and would recommend it to anyone especially if you have INSTEON products in your house.UPDATE: I just purchased and installed another unit and again installation was just as easy. I recommend this to anyone!::J. Blair::5.0::July 13, 2010
R1GBS8F81LQRD9::Awesome::I had one of these a long time ago.  I wanted to get one for my new condo.  Installed perfectly!No issues.Love it.::Sashmo::5.0::March 18, 2011
R8LCKLM5WND3Q::Excellent, just what I was looking for.::I had a different brand of remote lock in the past and it was not as well constructed or as nice looking as this Morning Industry model.  The lock installed easily and quickly (just remember if installing on a steel door to put duct tape on the back of the metal bracket on the inside of the door to keep it from touching the door, otherwise there will be interference with the signal).  It has a solid feel and works well thus far.  The bronze is lighter than my Kwikset knob and I wish this company sold a knob with it in matching finish.  Otherwise, it's great!::Fred Lutcher::5.0::March 14, 2012
R3JC50KQ8F5FB::works well::Overall this product is working well for me.  Installation is fairly easy (easier if you've put in a door lock before).  However, the directions included in the box I received leave a lot to be desired.  The clear (C) and set (S) buttons were mislabled on the direction sheet.  Go by what's printed on the unit itself.  Also, fyi, the small switch lets you toggle the open/closed directions of the lock depending on how your door is hung.::MattG::4.0::July 15, 2009
R3KLOU3045C88X::Works like a charm!::Very good item. I had a minor installation problem, called the company and they gave clear instructions and were very curtious. The lock itself is well made and very convenient. I would recommend this remote deadbolt to everyone. I Always use the remote and haven't used the key since I've had this!::DenDen::5.0::January 18, 2009
R1PWSDMQHFZNWE::Great Product::RF Remote Deadbolt, BrassThis is a GREAT PRODUCT We have used it for over a year and have not had any problems with unit or the remotes. It was super easy to install and has worked flawlessly as described in the product review.  Two thumbs up for a great, easy to use product.::J. Keesler "indiana dad"::5.0::December 1, 2007
R12NLUVV8DQGGL::Remote Control Deadbolt Lock::THIS REMOTE CONTROL DEADBOLT LOCK IS EVERYTHING THAT I WANTED.  THERE WAS ONE ON MY HOUSE WHEN I BOUGHT IT.  REPLACING IT WAS A PROBLEM.  NONE OF THE BIG BOX STORES CARRY THIS ITEM.  I WAS SO GLAD TO FIND IT ON AMAZON.COM.  I WAS A LITTLE RETICENT THAT IT MIGHT NOT BE GOOD.  IT IS GREAT.  NO REGRETS.  IT'S NOT CLEAR IN THE DESCRIPTION...LET ME TELL YOU...YOU GET TWO KEYS AND TWO REMOTE CONTROLS.  PERFECT.  YOU CAN LOCK YOUR DEADBOLT AS YOU WALK AWAY TOWARD YOUR CAR.  YOU CAN UNLOCK IT AS YOU APPROACH YOUR DOOR WHEN RETURNING.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.::Captain Bruce::5.0::November 15, 2012
R1J624GYTW4UIT::Great Product...terrible remotes!::I received my remote control deadbolt and had it installed and working within an hour. Just follow the directions to the letter and you should have no problem...the instructions are a little sparse but the illustrations are good. Now for the remotes...if they were a little better I would have given 5 stars. They are very cheaply made...now don't get me wrong...they work...just you may have to push the button 2 or 3 times...mostly twice for me. Since I haven't had them too long I can't say how long they will last...but it wouldn't surprise me if they lasted only six months. They are however cheap to replace. Anyway lock performs great...remote has a decent range (30 - 40 feet) just hope the remote lasts longer than it looks.::Amazon Customer::4.0::January 18, 2009
R1UGZ3BOR15M2S::i wanted this to work sooo badly::this lock worked great for a few months and then became very tempermental.  the dead bolt will not retract completely anymore.  so i have to manually turn the lock on the inside, push the door shut and then turn the deadbolt to lock.  i haven't replaced the lock but am back to using the key....making this lock pointless.  based on past reviews, i never called customer service....save your money and wait for better quality.::darlene mccauley::1.0::February 10, 2011
R3PNTHWYUP1GXD::Very good product::Perfect for handicapped people who know who's at the door (i.e. nurse, relative, take out food, drug store, other expected people). You can unlock and/or lock the door from approx. 20 feet away without getting up. It beeps once to confirm an unlock and beeps twice to confirm it locked. I installed it myself. It no more difficult than an ordinary dead bolt install. My first lock had a short and drained the battery in a week. They're customer service was very helpful and shipped a replacement out. It's working perfectly now.::Frank J. Girardi Jr.::5.0::December 16, 2012
RYFTB5HYEY64E::Morning Industry RF-01P Radio Frequency Remote Deadbolt, Polished Brass::The hardest part of the installation was getting the old lock set out.Good instructions, but the print is too small.I could recommend to anyone.::Richard P. Seidel::5.0::April 21, 2014
R380IS8NFQL6A::Works well and was very easy to install::The installation was a breeze and it works as advertised. The Rubbed Bronze finish was an almost exact match to the existing Rubbed Bronze Baldwin hardware and the unit doesn't look cheap on the door. The remote has good range. Only con for me is the remote doesn't appear to be  particularly sturdy but time will tell.::DM near the bay::4.0::April 11, 2014
R2GHODFB6ZFWAY::WORKS GREAT111::I came with no instructions. I had to replace the bats in the keyfobs  CRO2016 about $3.50 each.otherwise it is Good To Go::carl allen::4.0::April 3, 2014
RCE1PVNCNO4K9::Excellent product!::Purchased for person with mobility issues and confined to wheelchair.  This works wonderfully when entering the house and once in.  You can not only lock the door behind you with the push of a button but also unlock when someone's there once you recognize the voice without having to go to the door.::G. Smith::5.0::March 27, 2014
R3HA4N64KSSE9K::Lock does what was expected.::It does what I expected.  I  did not plan on buying a new door because the lock did not match the original hole from the old lock.::Richard limerick::5.0::February 21, 2014
R3JEA9IU4F6B4D::Great product for handicap.::I am unable to walk very well and have many people coming over to help me during the day. This way I can keep the door locked and hit the remote when my nurse comes over without taking 10 minutes to get to the door. Would also recommend to any lazy individual or busy person that always have their hands full.::Steve::5.0::February 15, 2014
R151HT80PCR2PD::This is great--but only when it works!::This was meant to be a solution for someone in my home with low vision and difficulty with keys. Everyone loved it when it worked (3 or 4 months), but it is now just another crap lock that requires a key. Waiting to see if KEVO is a better choice.::Jack JustJack::3.0::September 12, 2013
R37B6BX9VJ9SPI::love it::bought both this and the knob bolt from this manufacturer and they both work with the same fob. This works reliably, just like on my car no keys to fumble with. I use imedion rechargeable batteries now, i used to use eneloops and duracell hybrids, they work just as well and last about 9-12 months. The fobs die faster, probably 6 months but battery changes are a breeze. Most of the time, even if batteries die the locks usually don't need recode setting.  Battery changes are a breeze. Instructions are left on the inside of the unit so you never forget how to reset codes if needed. one of the locks could be set automatically to lock after several seconds but not the other, i forgot if it was the deadbolt lock or knob lock, since they both didnt have that feature i just  turned that feature off.  Excellent product. Also, i live in a condo, where all door locks look identical, these fit beautifully. Noone can tell these are not the original locks. Very discreet. I intend to purchase another set for my elderly mom. I have had this for three years now, still working. I am not gentle with closing my doors.  The finish looks just like the day they were purchased.::Boopie::5.0::August 28, 2013
R3D7L3QZFM0MEC::Convenient lock::Easy to install and easy to use.  I love not having to struggle to put the key in the keyhole.  Plus if you get the same brand of knob you can very easily set the remote to work on both at the same time.::Teresa Norris::5.0::January 12, 2013
RGMAZ20D2E7XL::Great Product Remotes Suck::This product is great for me. I live in a condo and my first floor is the garage so when ppl come over and leave and I do not have to go up and down a flight of steps to lock and unlock the door. But if you have to keep the remote in a pocket, like everyone else said the buttons are raised up. So in pocket, purse, or whatever the batteries drain in a day or two.::F. Afshar::3.0::December 4, 2010
R2NB4FVPPUWPRF::Remote deadbolt has weak remote::The lock looks & works great.  However one remote has failed after 2 months.  I fear the other may as well.  Good lock, weak remote.  If it had a better remote & I would give 5 stars...::C. E. Hodgson::4.0::February 22, 2010
R2Z46CM3FLBI7K::Good lock, works well::Got this for my 90 year old Mom, works well.Beeps for open and close could be louder for the hard of hearing.::James J. Darby "Seabiscuit"::5.0::February 25, 2013
R12M63F9LE4RU9::hidden pitfall::This device looked like the solution for my porch access  gate.  The situation does not need high security just controllable privacy.  The product picture shows a conventional deadbolt and says it is just a drop-in replacement.  What they DON'T show is the backside (inside of door). Instead of a conventional key lock (double bolt) or a thumb knob there is a very large box (about 2" x 5") that houses the batteries and electronics.  First, it is too large to fit most deadbolt/doorknob installations, and second it is not weatherproof so it must be on an interior side.I really don't know who could use this.  It is suitable for a door with ONLY a deadbolt (no knob) and with one side protected from weather.::David A. Crossley::1.0::April 8, 2012
R37SOGG1L9ZTTH::Remote Control Deadbolt::Don't waste your time unless your door and old lock is perfect. If you do not line up perfectly, even just a little tight on the bolt going intothe hole and it won't work. I had a lot of trouble with the remote somehow not working at all and had to re-set it up. It was a real cool idea but definately not worth the money or hassle. Just my opinion. Instead I bought one from Home Depot with a kepad and deadbolt latch that would spin unless you put in the code then it would let you manually turn and unlock it. I love this one and so does everyone else that seescit. You can program different codes for different people and delete codes anytime.::Amazon Customer::1.0::June 19, 2013
RXMH52K400KNP::Schlage could not do this!::I have to say it less than perfect but does work the majority of the time.  It is just so frustrating that no one else makes these in a high quality design!  Schlage claims it can't be done for residential stuff due to poor alignment of so many deadbolt installations and the amount of force needed to through the bolt. I say that is hogwash! If this company can make one that pretty much works most of the time and sell it for peanuts then I KNOW it can be designed with a larger housing inside, stronger motor, more battery, and/or more reduction ratio or whatever the term is so that the same amount of force is multiplied only slower ...like 1st gear on a 10 speed bike rather than 5th gear for instance ...yes it already is kinda slow and it would be slower still but have mor ummph!  So a company like Schlage or kwikset or Baldwin or whoever is without excuse! It could be done absolutely and we could also have the keypad and cel phone/ PC interface to provide access to someone even though we are accross the country etc etc.  The big guys have these bells and whistles but they cant even give you a motor like this company did! People that have the Schlage for instance can only go though Schlage web site to allow someone to turn the bolt manually RIGHT NOW THIS SECOND to unlock the door, and then all over again to RELOCK it! That has to be a nightmare! Oh I know if we wanted to shell out thousands of dollars we could have commercial stuff installed but I am talking about real world homeowner two hundred buck maximumish ...this is state of the art, like it or not ...at least they make the effort and it helps some of us.::Dougie Quick "Dougie Quick"::4.0::August 26, 2011
R2VLMZI4PB4MEV::Excellent addition::I added this sensor to the Viper 5902 in my '90 Jetta.  As stated in other reviews, it works perfectly!  I tried jacking the car up, and before the tire left the ground, the alarm was in full panic mode.  Just don't cut the option wires; the factory settings are perfect, IMO.  The fact that the unit resets it's horizontal plane every time the ignition is cut off is what makes this unit so versatile.  Highly recommended.::Yoshmann::5.0::January 30, 2011
R15WILFHS3FFCB::Perfect Security System Addition at a Great Price::Let me start by acknowledging Amazon for providing such a deal on the sensor. The manufacturer sells this sensor at $90. I was able to add three additional sensors (radar, tilt, glass) to my system for less than the price of one.After installing the sensor, I attempted to jack up the vehicle.  It sounded the full alarm before a wheel lifted from the ground.  Great addition to my Python 872 security system.::Bgon::5.0::February 12, 2009
RZXTB0TGNOED8::Works good!!::This sensor was very simple to install. The color coded wires make this fool-proof. After mounting, I tried to "steal" my own wheels, and set the alarm off long before I could jack up the car high enough to remove any wheel. I'm very happy to have this sensor.::J. Farrell::5.0::May 13, 2007
R1AEL9MSRPJ5R8::It really works!::Bought this sensor and a Viper 350 responder alarm, installed carefully on my car, always metering every line at the car's harness that goes to the alarm. (I've seek on Internet to get a guide on my specific cars harness) I installed the sensor as the manual states:  "facing upward"  it is recomended to be installed on the floor because it needs to be horizontal mounted, but instead I used the 2 sided tape and sticked on a plane surface near to the radio.  After the full installation, I make a test, arm the alarm and beging raising the car with it jack... surprise!! it's true! it detects tilting before wheel get in the air!! wow! it's a great addition to the alarm an therefore a great peace of mind if you have great wheels & rims!!!It isn't necesary to get a DEI alarm to use this sensor, it use 3 wires: blue, orange, red.  the blue goes conected to any 'instant trigger' of your alarm, the red to constant positive(+), and the orange connected to a Ground-when-armed (-) wire. If your alarm doesn't have it, make it through the use of a universal relay.The relays have these numbers marked on it:* Connect pin 85 to Ground(-) & pin 86 to ignition wire(+)(check polarity on relay if it have a diode) these are the coil's pins.* Conect pin 30 to ground(-) & conect orange (from sensor) to pin 87aThere's a lot of ways of make a ground-when-armed(-) line.  All it have to do it's cut the line orange(-) when you put your keys on ignition.  The sensor will reset to the last position plane when you turn the engine off from ignition switch, then this is when the sensor will be on.::Idelson de la Cruz::5.0::January 23, 2012
RBEDRH39X07TR::A must buy if you like your tires!::I bought this with the viper 3305v. I dont need all that extra crap like remote start. A couple of weeks ago i walked out to my 370z on milk crates and all 4 rays sport rims gone! the feeling was sickening! what this product does is somebody trys to jack up my car or tow my car i get a page on my viper pager. This product is a must by if you do not want your car on milk crates or bricks people are desperate out there protect your self at all times!!!::Game Head::5.0::April 27, 2013
R1OQSS6F5CNTLN::Too Sensitive?!::Works great. Only problem is that I had to put in a toggle switch to bypass when I park at work. something would trigger the sensor about 30 seconds after arming the alarm. The toggle fixed the problem.::Branden Della "krashman"::3.0::July 3, 2009
R1RVPAJ03OEEKR::HELP VIPER 5704 not compatible!!!?::I bought this but haven't been able to use it because I have the Viper 5704v 2 way remote alarm and there's no place to connect this ?! (The harness is too small for the brain ports) Or am I missing something. Help :(::A::2.0::May 25, 2014
R4M8GY19DBF27::A++::Awesome product, must buy for anyone who doesn't like to get towed or has aftermarket rims.  Highly recommend.  Likely to buy again for other cars I get in the future.::-'N'::5.0::April 15, 2014
R325APHIKIE5I1::Effecive Tilt Sensor::This works very well. It even detects if someone sits on the hood or trunk and causes the car to dip . So its doing it job rather well.::PRC "Deal Hunter"::5.0::April 8, 2014
R2CKOZFZGG1Q4U::tilt sensor::the tilt sensor my dad installed it on his truck and got on the step from the truck started jumping on it truck went side ways from a tilt and the alarm went off not tried to lift up the truck yet so so good::Robert Zepeda::5.0::March 25, 2014
RURH8DJZ1632O::Tilt Sensor DEI::Great product and great price compared to MSRP. Well worth the cost,if your serious about protecting your wheels.Very simple upgrade. Recommended.I used the true ignition wire hookup instead of the GWA wire @ the control module since my ignition kill relay is using the GWA and i didnt want to hassle with a diode addition.If your going to go through the labor of installing a system,then why not spend the extra $20.00 and get the extra protection?::Kyle::5.0::March 16, 2014
R2KOZRT3MB3GK2::2011 maxima::I tried to jack my car but I couldn't get my car off the ground 1/2 and inch and the alarm started going crazy::qunzfnst::5.0::March 10, 2014
RGI5I11Y1V008::Extra security for your car::The 507M Tilt sensor is an optional sensor i installed for added protection with my compustar alarm. It was installed in a Cadillac Escalade.The installation was straightforward and the sensor was extremely accurate. It can be tested by lifting it or jacking up the vehicle.If you have an alarm that accepts optional sensors this is a no brainer.::Elizabeth::4.0::February 28, 2014
RI07ZGUYZTBQM::GREAT PRODUCT::I got this as an add on to my viper alarm. Its the same product that stores will charge over $80.00 for. you can't beat the price.::FREDERIC O HOLMES::5.0::February 7, 2014
R2QMNB10J6O1WU::Great product so far....::Have not tested this item by jacking up car, but item appears to work as designed.  Will post updates once further testing is done.::jcinstall::5.0::February 4, 2014
R20GOGQUNNH8VR::Excellent!!!::Excellent product if you have any aftermarket  rims this is the one much better and works really well and I have this on all my cars::Rj415::5.0::February 2, 2014
R2X8ZLPOEKCD9S::works when its supposed to!::hopefully the day never comes that this is useful BUT that being said, when installed and tested worked like a charm, not as sensitive as i hoped but does the job. I recomend this item if you have rims or tires you DONT wanna lose.::Wes Tibu::4.0::January 16, 2014
R2YWNTAUL2DWH5::Those tow truck thieves better think twice::This thing works like a charm. I used the jack and before the wheel came off the ground, the alarm went off and scared the hell out of me! Works great with a Viper or Python (or even Autopage) 2 way alarm/remote start.::Mr. Coqui::5.0::January 14, 2014
R2FFFUAZVIC6DX::additional safety::additional safety for my alarm system for my car. Seems to work well I can only hope the longevity of the product is good.::Todd Carroll::4.0::December 26, 2013
R109KR5YGBYKVP::Added to my car::Really cool thing, it is digital so it doesn't matter where you put it, my electric recommended to put it in the middle under console so if someone will try to lift your car it will sense it instantly, because if you put it on one side and the car will be lifted from the other side it might not sense it. But then another electric came and said that it is digital sensor so it doesn't matter where to put it, finally they put it where it was easier for them :) even though I was asking them to put it in a middle as first one recommended in the beginning.And don't worry about parking your car on the hill - it will remember it is position once it is armed and won't trigger alarm, may be old gyroscope based ones were making triggering the alarm.We tested it then, lifted car from the other side and you had to lift your car about 3" before alarm got triggered by this tilt sensor. I was joking that tires are already stolen because for me 3" were to high and expectations were that it will trigger instantly once car lifted more than 1". But hey, not always you can force your electrics to do what you want them to do.::Brooklyn Settler "Nuyoka"::5.0::December 15, 2013
R1AGVT7808WDLM::Tilt sensor::I add this tilt sensor to the viper 3305v alarm system, for my 93 toyota pickup. Very easy to install and works just like it should. Very happy with this added product to the alarm system. You can fallow my upgrades on youtube [...]::Dana::5.0::October 6, 2013
RI7CIZM3YNGYC::Excellent Tilt Sensor::Great tilt sensor.  Awesome price and spliced in easily into OEM security system.  Would definitely recommend.  If you know roughly what you're doing you'll get this thing installed in no time.::Shenanigans::5.0::July 1, 2013
R3NB21Z0CB0SP0::Good Addition to Viper System::While it is not needed, this is a nice addon to a Viper alarm system. I have never personally tested it because i have no way of lifting my car up. But this will certainly alert you if you car is being towed.::Matthew Franzel::5.0::May 20, 2013
R3EO7Q6K092765::Easy hook up to Viper Alarm::Had this installed to completely secure my vehicle. Makes me feel safe knowing someone won't be stealing my rims at night. Paired with my viper 2 way alarm.::Jesse K.::5.0::May 11, 2013
R9Z16G6KBXX94::RECOMEMENED BY THE BEST::I BOUGHT THIS TILT SENSOR TO USE WITH MY KEYLESS ENTRY/ALARM WHEN I UPGRADED MY CAR WITH NICE ALLOY WHEELS!!!MOST ALARMS DON'T COME WITH A TILT SENSOR ...LIKE WHEN A CAR IS JACKED UP TO REMOVE WHEELS!!!!!::Rodger B. Terrey "jeeping rodg"::5.0::April 21, 2013
RN1GPTUUWYAZJ::Installed but not yet activated::Installed with my viper alarm but since no one tried to do anything yet cant say much about it haha::William Cho::5.0::April 17, 2013
RYYPDYDO810XN::Viper Products are Great::Price was much much lower than an authorized dealer. Sensor arrived within a week. Fortunately, I haven't had to test it out as no one has attempted to jack my vehicle! But, all of my Viper accessories and alarm are top notch!::DrJ "DrJ"::5.0::April 6, 2013
R130QJ01GD3X0J::i like this item::i like this item it looks exactly whay you see on amazon. brand new on open items. i love it.::junior::5.0::March 13, 2013
R3CF4363K6STHW::Great Sensor!!!::This sensor is the bomb!!! I really was impressed by its size. This is a very small little gadget. (about the size of a cigarette lighter) It is very sensitive and there is no adjusting needed. Just mount it on a surface that is either flat or less than a 45 degree angle.::T. Davis::5.0::February 21, 2013
R14GKZIKAEEVR6::Works::Forgot to turn off my alarm while changing a tire and as soon as I started to jack the car up, the alarm went off.::Bryant::5.0::February 13, 2013
R3EDC94K4CTQR3::In New York, this add-on is a Definite Asset to your alarm!::I think that every single vehicle should have an item like this installed in it. In Queens, New York, the thieves love to slightly jack up the front end of your car in the middle of the night and steal both of your front rims. A typical car alarm isn't going to go off if the vehicle is jacked up in this manner. But with this tilt sensor, you can be sure your alarm will be blaring.I checked all over the internet and could not find this product cheaper than I did on Amazon. You really can't beat the price for what this item is intended for. I cannot fathom my Mustang not having a tilt sensor. I would certainly recommend this product to everyone out there with a nice car with expensive rims and tires.::Sean R. Chang "Shockin' Sean"::5.0::January 19, 2013
R3M7M2JB4UMQBO::Just as described!::Product came new in the box just as described.  I added this to my Viper 5904 alarm system and it works perfectly!  I would recommend this product.::Gunnen Craig::5.0::December 11, 2012
R1SZS4QQVBZ3HH::New in factory packaging::Works great. Had to modify some wires in order for it to connect to my OOOOLLLLD Matrix 10.5 alarm. Other than that it works like a charm.::Brad::5.0::December 5, 2012
R3PDIWKYVG5XCL::Works as expected with no issues::Installed it with my aftermarket alarm system...mounted under the dash...and it trips the alarm with no issue.  I installed it in a Mini CooperS Clubman, and the alarm trips before I can jack the car high enough to get the tire clear of the ground.  That's all I wanted it to do, so that's all I tested.Also...easy to install if you're familiar with your alarm system and DC wiring.::G. Wilson "ggwoody"::5.0::September 2, 2012
R2MKCM0S4FQZVM::tilt sensor::I just decided to put on a nice set of 20's on my coupe therefore also deciding to go with viper autostart w/ tilt sensor. I must say after testing product myself I am very please. When you attempt to jack one side of the car up as soon as the wheel leave the ground the alarm sets off and also notify the key pad. All in all great product and great clean installation by best buy.::dan::5.0::July 14, 2012
R2YYXIIVJF8RNN::Oh yes::Spectacular  just got it installed with the tilt sensor for the viper 5902 remote start and alarm. Wowwwww well worth it for safety  this ensures thieves cant cut power to disarm vehicle to steal it  the tilt is so thieves or tow trucks cant tow it without sounding the alarm::nece::5.0::April 20, 2012
R1H5GZRP48VXN6::Great addition at a great price...::I installed this as an addition to a Python 991 system.  The sensor was simple to install and the color-coded wires and instructions were clear.  For the price, this is a lot of additional protection for the money.::Surrealone::5.0::October 31, 2011
R36YQK8CCO19I7::manditory item::required hooked up easy with any dei product..if you get paged for trying to still your own wheels of if someone wants to use your car as a seat you will be notified asap. tilts personaly is more important then impact::Southern Brother blkwizzard::5.0::July 23, 2011
R34RUCHKNZP48::Simple.::This item is easily installed onto any DEI alarm system. Works well and is a good layer of added security.::John::5.0::January 22, 2011
R1FIDS8I5UAYYQ::It actually works, and works well!::You can use a jack on any wheel and start jacking, before the tires leave the ground the full alarm will go off.  You should mount it in the center of car underneath. Excellent product::Taharqa::5.0::November 21, 2010
R14PFLCZINNLP2::Amazon.com and Directed Electronics...Two great companies!::First of all let me thank, Amazon.com for providing the lowest price for this device as well as the fastest and easiest place to purchase anything...change their name to "Amazing".  Second let me state that I had this device on my previous vehicle...it works so well the alarm sound full mode if you vehicle is towed or jacked...I recently bought a new vehicle and bought another lift sensor from Directed Electronics.  An alarm can help in many ways but don't always protect against wheel/rim theft (buyers beware), however, this little inexpensive gadget, cheapest on Amazon.com, will give you peace of mind while you sleep, that you'll have wheels to get to work in the morning...thanks Directed and Amazon...I will continue to spread the word of your great products and services as well as price!!!!::James Powell::5.0::November 29, 2013
R3ICFJVNQCCVRN::Works Great::This little add-on is a great buy if you dont want to set your shock sensor too sensitive and still have great protection for your wheels!::Amazon Customer::5.0::August 11, 2009
R3LE25UGTH1RJT::defective item::This item came in defective and I was unable to return it because I was out of the country and didn't get to return it within 30 days. I'm still very upset about this!!!!!::heidi::1.0::November 18, 2013
R3HP5E68TI09AD::Great product::Works very well in association with my Viper 5904 alarm. Make sure to set sensitivity correctly. Highly recommended for peace of mind.::Abhi Basu "AKB"::4.0::July 24, 2013
RRKFN45B16RI1::works great::way better than my last mercury switch. This thing works up and down. Couldnt even think about hitching up my trailer without my alarm going off.::Fred::5.0::July 22, 2013
R3280L1I55Y1OU::Works Awesome for AutoPage::This product works great. The reason I got it was because; tow trucks can easily take your car and escape with your car. But this product can notify as soon as they take of with the car, or even just jack your car off and take your rims. But anyways the only thing is not a plug in play with my alarm an auto page, but its simple to install it to any alarm. Since my alarm did not have a plug an play i just looked for the wires on the wiring diagram for my alarm luckily all my colors were the same from the tilt sensor red was to constant 12V, blue wire is for trigger, and orange is for ground when armed. But its simple to install all you going to need is wire taps.This is one great product to add, my next product to add is an audio sensor and a motion sensor. These little add on things well help your truck become the best anti theft vehicle out there.::Roger Rodriguez::5.0::July 17, 2012
R3SV596OOKA2E3::Good tilt sensor, work well::I wasn't sure if this tilt sensor work after i install it till recently. There was a snow storms, pouring15 inches of snow. The next day i was driving around and park at my friend house parking lot, he didn't clean it so well so there was still some snow/ice on the ground. I park my car on the snow/ice, didn't really notice that my car was kinda tilted till my viper 5901 keep alarming me.::Jimmy::5.0::January 5, 2010
R22ZRE5KPBYBBM::WARNING!!!::this was recommended as being bought with the Python alarm system I bought. IT DOESNT GO WITH THIS SYSTEM!!! I dont know if the recommendations are computer generated or what, but it was bad advice.::digital.mitch::1.0::June 11, 2012
R1SD3GXJIAMQIC::DEI 507M Tilt Sensor & Clifford Matrix::I have 35's on my truck so I recently purchased this tilt sensor to protect my wheels from possible theft. The sensor was installed by two "unprofessional installers" from Fry's Electronics located at 12710 Executive Dr. Dallas, TX 75238. First the alarm was installed on a Clifford Matrix 3.3X and it didn't work at all.The Clifford Matrix 3.3X alarm interfered with my Escort radar detector and with the GM On star. The alarm was going off with no reason and the truck was starting without any reason.  When I called Fry's Electronics to speak with the installers who install the alarm they don't answer the phone and I had to make an appointment to go in.One of the "unprofessional installers" named Clay stated that up north because of the cold weather the truck is set to run every 3 hours.  I told him that we are in Texas not in Canada and he either fix it or pull it out. He come up with a story excuse and told me in the end that he doesn't know why the alarm doesn't work and that he has to call Directed Electronics who makes the alarm to ask them. After almost 45 minutes he is telling me that he install it correct and Directed Electronics suggested that two more items will have to be purchased (DEI XK09 and DEI XL202) so the alarm will work properly because of the make and model of the truck.So now Clay blames GM for making Silverado trucks so difficult to work on and he tells me to buy these items and he will install them for $45. I told him to order the items and I will bring the truck next week for him to install these items.At this time I already spent $546 so I said why not to spend a little more and have a great alarm...Clay is telling me that he can't order the items through Fry's and that I have to purchase these items separately and he will install them for me for $45.I told him that I will check into and I looked up the items on Amazon where I found them for $39.99 to 49.99 + shipping for the DEI XK09 and $26.97 + shipping for the DEI XL202.I returned the Clifford Matrix 3.3X alarm back to Fry's and purchased a Clifford Matrix +1 alarm.On the second alarm (Clifford Matrix +1) the tilt sensor worked but I think that the two "unprofessional installers" from Fry's Electronics did not know how to install it properly. I lifted the truck with the floor jack from the rear 5 inches with both wheels of the ground and only then the alarm went off. The front was lifted 4 inches before the alarm went off...That was enough space to remove all wheels and leave the truck on blocks. I took the truck back at Fry's Electronics and ask them how they verify how that the sensor was working after they install it. The "unprofessional installers" stated that the way they verify that is working is that they try to move it with they hand on the floor of the truck after they arm it.I don't recommend anybody to use these "unprofessional installers" from Fry's Electronics located at 12710 Executive Dr. Dallas, TX 75238 because it doesn't look that they know what they are doing.::187::3.0::February 22, 2012
REN4EORCK85OO::You can program this key pad::I bought this keypad to save money and then found out you need a 6160 alpha display for easy programming.  If you get a 6150 and don't want to return it or buy a 6160, it is possible to program basic functions with the 6150.  For example, if you want to arm your system using the # key.  First enter the installer code 4112 800. A 20 will appear which indicates you are in the data field programming mode. Enter *21 and then 1 This enables quick arming.  Then enter *99 which is the code to exit programming.  If you bought the Vista 10P as I did to replace an old radio shack hard wire control panel (lightning took mine out), it will do the job with no programming.  Six resistors come with the  10P and need to be put in the loop for normally closed zone (cut one wire and patch it with a resistor) and across the loop (strip but do not cut wires incoming and outgoing and place a resistor between the sides) for normally opened zone.  This turns your system into an EOL (end of line resistor) type.  The default for the Vista 10P is six EOL zones, so you are back in business without any complicated programming or expense.  In short, if you have taken a shot at fixing your old radio shack system the Vista 10P  and Ademco 6150 keypad will do it quite simply.  Use the default setup and you can skip the incredibly complex programming hassles "progress" has caused.  This information is in the Vista 10P manual, but hard to find due to all the other details.::dellyjoe::4.0::July 19, 2008
R3060R0NJ1I49I::DID NOT WORK::I have never written a feedback for any item on Amazon.  But I am writing because of this product and "Home Security 4 DIY's" unwillingness to return a faulty piece of equipment.  The item would not display, it would not move into "Programming mode" and displayed incorrect power status.  Based on Amazons great return policy, I purchased this a couple of months prior to installation.  When it failed, I attempted to return.  "Home Security for DIY's" told me they would not return....so much for a great return policy.  I will not purchase home security items from Amazon any more, and I STRONGLY urge people to refrain from purchasing ANYTHING from "Home Security 4 DIY's" store.::Jennifer McCall::1.0::June 24, 2013
R9BTBEQOLIRSC::Replaced old 6128 with newer 6150::I replaced two 6128 keypads that had buttons that we're working poorly with two 6150 keypads. The keypad addresses on the old 6128 were set at the default address of 31. Since the new 6150 are also set at a default address of 31 the switch was easy. Turn off the system, cut, strip install the four wires as shown in the supplied instructions.  The 6150 screw mounting holes even matched the 6128 holes in the wall. Turn the system back on and clear any codes. OC code is an open circuit. Check the wiring. Make sure the green and yellow wires are hooked up and not reversed. Zone 9 indicates Tamper...just reset the system twice and it will clear. That was all I had to do. Great system.::Steve::5.0::December 11, 2013
R2QVSQK50OIWNW::Easy to install::I read these really long reviews about programing and was a bit overwhelmed. Imagine my surprise when I unscrewd myold key pad and all there was were 4 wires to plug in. What are those other guys talking about? My old key pad was 20 years old and Ademco, the numbers were sticky. This new one was easy to install and works fine. It's no frills but works.::S. McBride "On the lookout"::4.0::December 18, 2012
R1SQC5CQJOO565::Easy install and worked perfectly::I'm not the handy type, but I was appalled at how much I was quoted to replace the dying keypad I'd had for ten years, so I decided to buy this unit and do the replacement myself.What a pleasant surprise to find I could remove the old Honeywell unit from the wall, connect the same wires to this unit with simple instructions, and screw it in simply and quickly.  I didn't have to program anything (it remembered the entry code, which is in the alarm box in the closet) and I got a new keypad that will hopefully last another ten years.  I saved $100-200 in labor costs.::Jahan Salehi "Jahan"::5.0::September 9, 2012
R1DEPCPF9K58KS::The Product Speaks for Itself!::My husband and I spent time reading reviews and pricing, the Honeywell Admeco 6150 Keypad on-line.  My husband was hesitant in ordering the keypad, due to some negative reviews.  However, he stated that that the good outweighed the bad and ignored the negative reviews.  He ordered two Honeywell, Ademco 6150 keypads to replace our old ones. Also, the best price we found was through Amazon.The directions were very easy to understand.  Within one hour he, replaced and installed both of our 26 year old Honeywell keypads.  The new keypads are much larger than our previous ones; and much easier to read numbers and words in the dark, due to the sufficient amount of lighting.It has been two months since the installation of the Admeco Keypads, and suffice it to say we are exceptionally happy with this product.  We say, IGNORE all negative reviews, because we find this product to be outstanding.::Mary "Satified Customer"::5.0::March 21, 2013
RT695WFWV87ZY::Good keypad for my old model Ademco Vista 20p panel::Overall nice product.  My older 6150 keypad had a burnt out display. would not show all digits or some english letters. This works with my Ademco Vistao 320P1 panel, sometimes called Vista 20P. Gave it 4 starts not 5 since the instructions that came with this only said how to install it and "set the keypad address."  It did not give any suggestions as to what the keypad address might be. Different for all systems yes, but found a web site that suggested most Ademco panels will expect the keypad to be at Address 16.  Mine turned out to be 16.  Did not not to bother with the monitoring company to set it up for me so did it myself.::DennisOhio::4.0::March 11, 2013
RZG23I5FT2T8I::Very easy to install::The new keypad is the same as the old unit. so it is easy to install. I cut the wires close to the back of the old unit and attached them according to instructions. I called the security company, they helped (over the phone) me code in the unit to my system.Things to improve: The color code for wires could be on the unit not in the instructions.Call the security company before you cut off the old unit, they can retrieve the code they have attached to that unit so it is easier to code the new unit.::Dale Hannah::4.0::December 14, 2012
R2YAIN14SS5SUG::keypad volume is not adjustable::Anyone seeking to replace their keypad with the Ademco 6150 should be aware that the volume is not adjustable.  I bought 3 keypads, had absolutely no trouble installing them, and found the keypad to be well constructed and made of good materials.  What is very surprising, however, that two of the keypads emit only the tiniest of 'cheep' sounds.  The third keypad has a bit more volume.  I wish I had know that from the outset.  Otherwise, it's good product, probably deserving of 4 stars.::R. Corder "Traveller"::3.0::July 14, 2012
R2EQFVTBYRT0UN::Saved more then $100!::I needed to repleace a broken keypad for our alarm system.  I called around locally and found one company who said they could get me one for $170.  So I decided to check Amazon now that I had a good idea of what replaced the one I had.  Cost me about $35 and it works great!::T. Arnall "Terry Arnall"::5.0::April 26, 2011
R14SXP6ED2UC2H::Visually Pleasing::Excellent replacement for Ademco system pad and very easy to install.  Works great and easy to read keypad.  Price was best found anywhere.::John W. Boatright::5.0::March 29, 2014
R12SJOYVCP0UZO::Does Not Work With Wireless Systems::I searched hi and low and could not see the difference between the 6150 and the 6150RF, of course until I received the 6150 and installed it to my system and it did not recognize the wireless window and door sensors. A better description and compatibility list would have saved me some frustration. Otherwise works great.::Noel Padilla::4.0::March 28, 2014
R19SR8DXFE4N57::Defective product sent, returned, have not recd replacement::The product was clearly defective - no display. After 45 days of sending it back (on own expense), I did not get a replacement. On calling them they claim they sent it to Honeywell for repair. Repair! Why not send me a new replacement? I did not pay for a repaired unit!! This is a great way of getting rid of stale/defective inventory. Put it on Amazon Marketplace, no refunds available, get it repaired on customer's money and time. Great business model.::SN in CT::1.0::March 18, 2014
R3DXPJ10FQGS8X::Great product.::It was so easy to replace my old keypad with the 6150. The instructions were easy to follow and I replaced it within 10 minutes.::Odis Davenport Jr::5.0::March 3, 2014
R18R2O2KTLS3KW::Excellent Upgrade::This is an excellent upgrade for the more basic model.  Installation is straight forward and it is an attractive unit with all the features you need.  Black-lighting is awesome... not one complaint.::Nic Cherches "JetDriver"::5.0::March 2, 2014
R8S4SJG018Z89::Great Key Pad::The installation was very easy. It matched up with the program already in the control panel. I recommend this unit.::Ernest::5.0::February 6, 2014
R1XQ3AGYPTHS7Y::Excellent Condition::The keypad is a replacement for our daughter.  It has met all of the requirements we need and were looking for.::dholm::5.0::January 21, 2014
R2X5NU4KSRK6PZ::Ademo 6150 Alarm Keypad::Easy to install with big lighted keypads. I received a 6150RF which does not come with a cover but is an upgraded version. I am very pleased with the item. The only problem I learned later is that the 6150 model can't be used to program the alarm which will require at least a 6160 model but this is not the sellers fault.::ordmd::5.0::September 5, 2013
R1O3STG0KWK5PA::Worked great::It came sooner than I thought, exactly what I needed, brand new, package a bit weathered but it worked great with my alarm system.  Needed a second keypad and this worked wonderfully.  Thank you::Rosie::5.0::August 12, 2013
R3TZ2A52RSWXET::Perfect Replacement, Easy Install, No Programming Required::You'll want to make sure this is the right replacement for  the keypad you have.  In my case, that meant looking for one with four wires to connect it (check) made by Ademco (check) with the same keypad layout (check).  The afternoon I got it in the mail, I called the alarm company to alert them that I was working on the system, removed the old keypad from the wall, disconnected the four wires in back and connected them to this one, put this one in the same place on the wall, tested it, and then notified the alarm company I was ready to go live again.  Total elapsed time:  15 minutes.There was no need to program anything.  The central box remembered it all.  It was simply a matter of putting the right wires into the right slots and tightening the screws (with a very small screwdriver).  There aren't many instructions with this, but you don't need many.And I didn't need to pay for a service call and got the box at a reasonable price.  I expect it to last another decade or more.  Go ahead.  You can do this!::G. Mesick::5.0::July 3, 2013
R1MQ2LV3PECQLW::Good Product::Works as described but only has one chime sound that is annoying. It would be nice to have a set of chimes to choose from.::Scott::4.0::March 12, 2013
R2ZMLK16LG775::will not work::after installing i keep getting error message.i know it was used,i should have bought new.than i would have a gaurantee.::rodney::1.0::January 12, 2013
R1J2XDVIHKEYJT::Not as advertised::Was shipped promptly but as you can see there is a door attached. I received mine today and the door was missing. If a company sells something, be honest about it.So, I will never order from this company again. What will be missing on a second order?::ChucknSC::3.0::July 8, 2011
R2NBYPH0K9FRJH::I've bought it three times::I have been very pleased with this sensor.  I just bought it for a third office.  You can put the speaker anywhere within 100 feet so it doesn't have to be up front chiming at everyone in the waiting room.  I want to be able to hear it when I am in the back of the office so I can put the speaker there......this is perfect for that.  Plus the two small boxes that go on the door and frame are nice and small.  Works perfect - great price.::Diane::5.0::February 2, 2008
R1461N3T9JV2VN::Excellent product!::I've had a Heath Wireless Plug-In Chime with Entry-Alert Sensor for over ten years. Just bought another one, for my son, for his mailbox.  I use it for my mail alarm. Placed the sensor and magnet in the box, the bell unit is plugged inside house.... Saves trips to check the mail. Also, used it for a bell for disabled person's bedroom. (use a Heath-Zenith compatible button for this), it rings the same box as when my mailbox is opened.  Never had a problem with the unit. Works great!::izquierdo8::5.0::January 1, 2010
R54WVCJIAHF4H::Product works as expected::Very easy to install.  I have the chime plugged-in in the basement and the sound is loud and clear.  The volume can be adjusted as well.::Amazon fan "AF"::5.0::August 28, 2007
R2PW0XHRZX6TBG::Nice chime - but volume doesn't work::The chime is perfect if you wish to plug-in away from the door - but the volume adjust doesn't work.  Seems to have just a single setting.  But it works fine for our office where we have the sensor on the main door and the chime plugged in the back lab where we can hear it through the back office.::SuperN "consumer"::4.0::December 22, 2008
R1HJVS3X268D1L::Product Description is misleading!::Be warned! This item is NOT a doorbell or ringer, where people at your front door push a button to summon you. It is ONLY an entrance alarm/charm, for use in businesses to alert when a customer enters a shop!In the picture, the middle sized item is a sensor/transmitter which you mount on the doorjam and the small one is a magnet, which you mount on the door. When the door opens and they separate, the chime sounds from the large item, which you plug into an outlet.The description used the term "doorbell" several times.It seems passable for its intended use, though the chine setup is somewhat complex, you use "jumpers" like you'd find on computer hardware to change settings. The volume adjusts well and the chine tone is clear::D. Hensley "maverick"::3.0::August 2, 2007
R2B3TGCP7CPF6L::Would be great if it always worked::I use this for a door chime for when customers come into my store.  It is well designed, easy to install, has nice features.  The only problem is, it only chimes about 3/4 of the time.  The transmitter light goes on every time the door is opened, but the receiver only responds 3/4 of the time.  I haven't been able to figure out why.  I haven't measured the distance but it's not excessively far.::jack sprat "swervin"::3.0::July 21, 2008
RLECVQXF28E0P::Won't work on metal door::Bought this for an office door which is mostly glass but with metal trim and this alarm will not work.  Am going to try and work around this but wish it was stated prominently that it wouldn't work on metal.::Patty::3.0::February 28, 2010
R2J41TPQ1JQ7VX::Customer Alert::We needed to have a remote door sensor to alert us when customers came in while we were in the back working. The product works perfect. Set up was easy, but don't use the stick tape, screw it in. Our door jambs are metal and heated up with the sun and down came the sensor.::Daniel J. Morris "Delish Donuts"::5.0::November 30, 2009
RA21T8QNK6QN7::Sounds like a good idea, only if it worked.::I ordered this unit to replace our broken Radio Shack door chime that served us in a commercial environment for about 10 years and is no longer made. This model was one of the few that had the features that we needed. We needed a door tripped sensor which wirelessly transferrs to the chime back in our offices so we could hear customers comming in to our store. The range is nowhere near the specified number. It works most of the time within about 15ft of the transmitter, but that won't work for our application. Even at 15ft it didn't work every time. We'd have customers standing in the showroom for awhile wondering if there was anybody there. It really sucks pretty bad. I don't recommend it. It's not reliable.::Clinton Buhler "Audio Guy"::1.0::September 15, 2009
R3AOXT6SMY5T1S::It needs to work 100% of the time!::Unfortunately, it works when no one opens the door, and does not work 100% of the time when people DO enter. Therefore, it's pretty useless for a business. I would love to return it, but I didn't even keep the box. A waste of money.::Stefanie::1.0::January 20, 2014
R2LL9E83XERZ5W::range is too small.::Product spec claims 100ft, but does not chime beyond 25ft if you have racks in its line. If signal can not reach 100ft then why claim it.::muni polavaram::2.0::July 15, 2013
RHIL4G0KITN7J::Charmed with Chime::Bought a couple years ago for our office.  Only had to replace batteries once so far.  Works great.  Only problem is that since we can't mount it with screws and have to use a sticky backing instead then we have had to occassionally reattach it to the door with additional sticky backing.  Other that that, pleased with product.::FishFrank::4.0::June 12, 2012
R12QBU0RVCGC4::Needs modifications to work well::In order for this product to work well, you have to change the frequency using jumpers, and unless the chime and sensor are real close together, you have to relocate the red antenna that's located inside the chime to the outside of the enclosure, which requires some minor handiwork with a screwdriver. I now have it working on my detached garage entry door which is about 100 feet away from the chime, and the chime is inside a bedroom in the house. Without those 2 changes it would not work reliably but once you have it set up its a lot of ding-dong for very little bucks!::DrSmile "RSJ"::4.0::June 15, 2010
R1E2YY30EEABYE::Works well even in low temps!::We have a large porch and a couple years ago got tired of visitors "sneaking up on us", forcing us to run from upstairs to answer the front door. We had been using a "As Seen On TV Driveway Patrol Infrared Wireless Alert System" inside our porch screen door to be alerted to visitors before they got to the front door, however, after 18 months, the bitter cold Mid-west temps caused a series of three "Driveway Patrols" to give constant false alarms (often at 2 AM!). I realized we needed a differently designed tool for the job.After a bit of research, I learned that the heat sensing of the patrol device was not reliable and magnets where the solution! I found several different magnet type entry alerts, but chose the "Heath Zenith Wireless Plug-In Chime with Entry-Alert"  after reading the other reviews and the reasonable price. We've had this device for about four weeks and it has worked consistently during our very cold weather during that time.I've only have two issues with the "Heath Zenith Wireless Plug-In Chime with Entry-Alert". First, one of the two 23A 12v batteries included with the device was dead-- luckily I'd already ordered and extra spare battery (Wireless Doorbell Replacement Battery #SL-6198-B). Second, the chime must be plugged in (it does not have a battery option), so it limited the locations we could place the chime. The nice thing about the "Driveway Patrol" was the chime runs on batteries allowing us to place it where it could be easily heard.Shortly after successfully setting up the Heath Zenith Chime system, I realized we needed to get a second chime (due to the first one being poorly located at our only available plug-in receptacle downstairs). Many of the Heath Zenith chime systems share the same signaling and the systems can be joined together to expand your home coverage. As we only needed one door entry alert, I went with a "Heath Zenith Basic Wireless Plug-In Door Chime with Two Transmitters, White #SL-6142-C" (a chime with two doorbells). Now we have one chime upstairs and one down as well as a doorbell for both the front and back doors.::EBF::4.0::December 26, 2007
R127U5RZ00M1NB::Perfect::Perfect for working in the back room while being alerted to custormers coming in the front door. No problems except we dropped it and a plastic thing broke off of the battery case sliding door.  You can change the Westminster chime to a single Ding and its not going to drive everyone crazy. Works thru a glass window. Get the extra battery just in case.::Jen::5.0::April 15, 2008
R2B2W4PXGY8UWO::sound sets the alarm off::I bought this door chime to let me know when the front door has been opened.  Thus allowing me to be aware if my children have opened the door.  The chime works great for this reason, and it is loud for me to hear upstairs.  However, if a movie is on, or music, or when one of my children or I play an instrument it also goes off.  This is very annoying!  Now when I hear the chime I'm pretty sure it is not from the door being opened.  This door chime would only work in a home that is as quiet as a library.  I now have to try and find a different alarm that is not sensitive to sound.::e.c "busy mom"::1.0::April 23, 2008
R2641UYJH9XD5T::Not worth it::It is very inconstant. It only rings the bell about half the time the door is opened. When it works it's fine::JIm Morrison::2.0::March 25, 2014
R31REHH0MH6RK3::Works sometimes::Does not work every time, rendering it useless. It's for a store and has no value if it does not sound every time.Back on Amazon looking for one that is dependable.::A. Battaglia "Andy Battaglia"::2.0::December 27, 2013
R3BBSMWWECC49B::Failed product.  Well managed by company!::We often work in the back of the office and I purchased this alert chime to let us know when a customer enters the front door.  I was happy with the device for about a week but then noticed that it would fail to chime once in a while.  I don't know if the failure to chime had always been happening or if it simply took a week for me to notice it.I tried to test it in different ways to determine the cause and it seemed that if the door was opened fast enough, it wouldn't register.  This is just my suspicion and I certainly didn't measure and record door velocities.About two weeks into operating this device it stopped working altogether.  The part on the door would light every time the door opened indicating that the magnets were working and the signaling device was working.  I think the problem was with the receiver.  It had the typical "electrical" smell indicating a possible short circuit and/or failed electrical part.I went through the return process with Amazon and within 30 minutes had received a reply from the company that they were issuing a refund with no return required.  I'm glad things were handled so well and that I'm not on the hook for shipping return costs.  I really wanted this item to work.  At first it seemed there was hope but alas, in the end it failed.  Item = 1 star.  Company and return process = 5 stars.::weeddds::1.0::December 3, 2013
R3QBOLNL6Q2G5::Great for home or office::I've purchased this item for both home and office use, and it works great!  We use it at home for the back door leading out to the pool area, and it's a great extra line of defense to keep the kids safe.  I've also used it as an alert entry at a medical office to let us know when patients arrive.  Since you can plug the receiver in wherever is most convenient, we are able to keep it in a back area where we can back up the front desk staff in case they are away or busy.  Great instructions, only wish it would come with some double stick tape for mounting, but that's easy enough to find.::Kelly::5.0::July 31, 2013
R32QUFX8RMES5C::Great chime for the office::We use this in our office so we can hear clients entering our (blind) front entryway.  You need to change a jumper setting in the door module to get it to do a single chime but it works quite well.  The base (noise maker) must be plugged into a power supply (like a wall socket).  We placed ours at the end of the extension cord inside a file cabinet to dampen the sound (there is a volume control) yet stay close enough (50') to the door transponder.Works great.::M. Tan::5.0::July 29, 2013
RIN7YTW48LIRU::Works fine, don't know what everyone is complaining about::Have it for the front door of my office and have the receiver in my personal office, roughly 65 feet away.  Works everytime so far, easy to setup.  Only complaint is the lowest volume setting is still a bit loud for me. Other than that good product.::Hise::5.0::July 22, 2013
RDL6M77RDGAKT::Works great::I liked the selection of chimes and the fact it has a volume control. Let's us know every time the door opens.::Heavenly Valley Lodge "Movie Maven"::5.0::March 28, 2013
RE6HZOKHB3UHJ::Works great!::Our office is located on the 2nd floor and our main door is located on the 1st floor.  We installed this chime (which was extremely easy) to alert us to people coming and going.  It works great!  Even when I'm not in my office or I'm down the hall running copies, I can still hear it!::Candy::5.0::March 8, 2013
RT9YAN2FVA8J1::Alzheimer's Roaming Solution as Wireless Exit Warning::Our mother has Alzheimer's wakens in the night and roams. This can be very dangerous as she could leave the home and get seriously hurt. We put wireless entry chime on her bedroom door to warn us if she opens her bedroom door at night. It's excellent. The only other alternative was to lock her in at night which would be dangerous.The reliable range is about 50 ft, but that's all we need.  Easy to install and not obvious so as to be threatening to someone suffering from Alzheimer's.It's a perfect product for this.::P. Moskaluk::5.0::March 7, 2013
R3VTAL4X5WNK2N::does not last long when heavily used::used in a restaurant and they die after 6 months and u have to get new batteries. THey do not stick well to a door if it has a lot of temperature changes and are just built cheaply. Range is not what it says it is.::Tucker::1.0::December 15, 2012
R1AIQULVK7XFKP::Very loud & does not work at 100 ft::I should have listened to the other bad reviews for this one, but thought we'd give it a try.  First of all, the 100 ft distance is wrong. It worked at close to that, but only when it wanted to it seemed.  Definitely doesn't register at 100 ft.  The other main issue we had with this was it was way too loud, and the button to adjust volume was broken.  We had bought a 2nd chime, so we tried that one and even at the lowest volume, it was still way too loud.  We wanted this for our office, and there is no way anyone in our office would deal with this loud dinging every time the door opened. Why you couldn't adjust it to a quieter setting is beyond me-but this thing only has a couple settings Extremely Loud and then Moderately Loud!  Even if we had gotten the volume setting somehow worked out or it had a quieter setting, the distance was still a big issue for us.  We couldn't place it in a spot that worked for us since you could only take it maybe 50-70 feet from the door.::SPP::2.0::October 4, 2012
R5IYGHQEZ1H6K::Exactly what I expected...::Extremely happy with it.  My only complaint is the volume adjuster on the sound box doesn't do anything.  In order to make it a little quieter, I had to tape gauze over it.::Jo::5.0::May 29, 2012
R2N0LONR6W6LAM::Disappointed::When I got the productr I was really excited.  It worked for about 10 mins then stopped working completly. I am very disappointed with it.::tommy::1.0::April 20, 2012
R3SPQY6OECE993::Great product!::Exactly what we need for the entrance of our shop.Replaced our last untit after 2-3 years of usage. Somehow it got less accurate and worked from time to time. I tried a new battery but still the same. A rough estimate of how many times it had to chime is around 40,000 at least! It's an amazing little unit.Just bought 2 extra units, just in case!::John::5.0::November 19, 2011
R13QE17FR3MFV9::wireless door announcer::This product works perfectly and as described. Ignore the posts by a few that didnt take due care to read the description. I have the chime around 80ft away from the sensor and behind a wall. It sounds every time the door is opened. If you need to know when someone opens a door, buy this product!::Aaron::5.0::September 9, 2011
RAOOSIM2OXL2H::Only worked intermittently::We installed this on a metal door of a retail establishment.  Apparently the metal interferes with the radio frequency.  We were told to put small pieces of wood between the door and the unit, but it still only chimed about 90% of the time.::Store Owner::2.0::May 31, 2011
RH1IV23IC4CPM::Wonderful product, good range::The only reason I didn't give this a five star is because it's not fun to deal with internally, but the range is terrific.  I've only had it for a day, and the sensor is downstairs on the garage door whereas the chime is upstairs, and I can plug it in in any room!  Now I won't get snuck up on!!!::Kimberly Raiser "Author of critically acclaim...::4.0::May 14, 2011
R2FJ2305E511TQ::Works great for my office.::Have an office and a back room that needed some sort of ringer when the customers came in the front. Works just fine. Be sure to follow directions, and it should work just fine. Never had any problems with this unit as of yet, had this for about 6 months now.::Shan::4.0::April 9, 2011
R3V4AVF5A088Q3::set up not as easy as it should be::It took me several hours of trial and error, first moving the sensor location on the door and then changing the location of the chime, to finally find a location where the chime would work, even though every location I tried was not more than 30 feet from the sensor.There are two walls separating the sensor from the chime and once I got the chime located properly, it has worked just fine. It was frustrating and I almost sent it back::Chris D. Cody::2.0::August 23, 2010
R3GB13A8NPARIV::It works::Very short and to the point easy to install and set up. Use it for my office to alert me when someone enters the front door in case we are in the warehouse area. Very loud and destintive alert. Good product highly recommend it.::D. Davis::5.0::May 21, 2010
RENBRYCNHQTZT::Exceeded My Expectation::Just installed in a small two story retail boutique setting.  The sensor is on the first floor in the back, the receiver/chime second floor in the front.  Works every time.  The magnet is about 3/4" from the sensor which exceeds the recommended gap, but it still works.  The instruction says three tone settings are possible: Westminster, Ding-Dong, and Ding.  I'm using Ding-Dong.  I've ordered another one, so that I can install it on the front door as well.  I'll use the Ding tone to distinguish it from the back door.  I'll place the second receiver on the first floor.  So far, this is working great.  An included spacer will come in handy for the glass swing door in front.  I wish they sold the sensor separately so that I don't have to buy another receiver. But, at that price, I don't really mind.  The "jumpers" are awkward for adult-sized hands, but I figure they keep the cost down.::M. Hur::5.0::November 11, 2009
R1YQ6ZUPEDV8JO::Entry chime--NOT A DOORBELL!::I should have paid heed to another warning that this product is NOT a doorbell, and now I am stuck with a entry alert that is worthless to me. I read the comment but for some reason I believed another commenter who claimed it WAS a doorbell; he must have made the same mistake I did: After looking at about a dozen products and having several in my cart at one point, it was hard to keep track of what was a doorbell vs. an entry chime. It is probably a great product if you actually are shopping for a entry-alert sensor (good for those backdoors where you have a pool).  I liked the wireless feature and the fact that you can move the chime around by just plugging into another wall outlet.  I thought about using it anyway, but my husband doesn't want to screw the sensor and transmitter into the door and doorjam.  We will probably donate it to goodwill.::Deborah Lorraine "ItzaRoos"::3.0::September 2, 2009
R2QZKAV6DO8DPN::Door Chime::Great product! Bought it for our candy store, and works great. Loud, Audible, reliable, easy to install. Great when using for a store/ business where you need to detect incoming customers from when you're not on the sales floor. Highly recommend this product to any small business owners.::C. Howard::5.0::January 17, 2009
R350FRBHQ7M87X::Good Product::Easy to install and works well. Volume control could have a bit more range.  It's still quite loud even on the lowest setting.  Solved that by taping some bubble wrap over the speaker.  Otherwise a great system.::K. Tall::4.0::May 19, 2008
RT9WRVWXMNBIY::Alarm::Works OK - but if there is a heavy wall in the way - it does not work - Mine had a stairway in the way and it would not work - but as soon as I moved it to a hallway it worked fine::R. Noyes::4.0::March 11, 2008
R274CSTQ7TVW6N::Door opening signal does the job::Easy to install (about 1/2 way down btw - it otherwise doesn't chime). Loud enough to hear throughout our 5000 sq ft shop - but not unpleasant.  Makes it far easier to have one person in the shop and still working - not having to check all the time that a noise is or isn't a customer.I think it also lets customers know that the shop is attended even if we're not up in the front.::Paula::5.0::February 10, 2008
R1RJZYUZIEVRIP::Awesome product::I work in a secluded suite in my office due to the confidential nature of what I do and have been scared out of my wits, or caught in a confidential conversation, when someone walked in who I didn't hear.  This chime is awesome and works great.  Even at the lowest volumn setting it was a bit loud so I just put a piece of clear packing tape over the speaker, except the upper most section, which muted it perfectly - so the chime wouldn't scare me too.  LOL  I'm really not a scardy cat, just jumpy at times!::M. Trietsch::5.0::September 13, 2011
R2RCMX7O6KM2QP::Faulty product.  Very, very bad customer service::Let me clarify my title by saying that chime and sensors work fine.  If you're going to use this product, you MUST USE THE SCREWS, NOT THE DOUBLE SIDED TAPE.In the morning, I installed the sensor using the included double sided tape to the door and door frame of my business.  I plugged in the chime, and successfully tested the unit, up to 30 feet away from the sensor.  All would have been fine, except that the double sided tape failed.The poor rating comes from the poor customer service that soon followed afterwards.  In less than four hours, I noticed that the double sided tape failed, and one half of the sensor was on the floor.  The other half was gone forever, probably kicked out the door by a customer.  The adhesive on the double sided tape itself was plenty sticky, as evidenced by the residue left on the door frame.  The tape itself separated, causing the sensor to drop.I called customer service to report the problem.  They took my information and tole me a replacement sensor was on it's way.  Four weeks later and two follow-up phone calls, I still don't have a replacement sensor.::Phillip S. Chun::2.0::March 21, 2012
RKP58ZMUWJDJL::Wasted Money::The chime I ordered did not work at all.  I opened the package, followed the simple instructions and nothing! This was a huge waste of my money.  This is an item I would NOT recommend.  I certainly will not be purchasing any more products from this seller.::Trevor Maximin "hustlin84"::1.0::September 16, 2011
R2CI5GLY8DDTXE::works great for a day .::Works fine, short distance from door to chime. Max we could go line of sight was @ 60ft. Problem for us is battery life, the battery in the remote lasts less than a day (commercial application) too many customers I guess. Other than that, we liked it.::ParcelRoom::1.0::May 5, 2011
RFCEU314NGULE::False claims...hate being lied too.::I am very dissatisfied.The range isn't close to what it state it to be, the unit has to be plugged in much closer to the door to work. The battery on the remote unit died in less than a week, and you have to special order the battery as the size is not one you can pick up at a local pharmacy or walmart.::Wilson::1.0::September 12, 2010
R2GJZZXGI4JN04::Did not last, un-reliable.::We use this dewvice on the front door of our business to alert us if we are out in the shop of a customer entering the building. The base plugged into the wall is only about 30-35ft from sensor on front door which is well within the advertised range, but the base only makes noise when it wants to. We changed the batteries in the door sensor to find the same problem. This product is 5 months old and will now have to go in the trash because the seller does not take returns after 60 days. I would not recommend this product to any one, this product is a piece of junk.::Lampauto::1.0::June 5, 2014
R6TQRA1YI4DKV::Doesn't work::We bought this product for our small office to let us know when/if a client comes in the front door and we are away from the front. The contacts have double-sided sticky tape or screws to mount them with. Screws were not an option for us, so we used the tape. The tape separated within 24 hours (as in the sticky stuff stuck to the door and the foam stuff, still on the contact, was on the floor). So I tried super glue and electrical tape which finally worked. The doorbell rang intermittently with no apparent cause. I read on some other reviews to remove the red wire and let it hang out to make it not do that. I tried that and it made it extremely loud with no volume control, and then it just started ringing pretty much every 30 seconds. Now I have a messy, non-returnable product that doesn't work!::Amazon Customer "kchamberl9"::1.0::May 22, 2014
R2TUFTJ0DGVQPX::WASTE OF MONEY::This product does not work.  Don't waste your money. I bought this for my business and it simply does not work.::Paul Saunders::1.0::May 22, 2014
R19QM64VRK9J2W::not happy at all::its allready broken. very disaapointed  worked for a couple weeks.. now i need to buy another. would not reccomend it::tony celentano::1.0::May 8, 2014
R2OQLEPDFQCNAN::Just what we needed and great customer service::This was exactly what we needed for our office so we know if someone walks in the door. We don't get many visitors so we don't have a reception area. This lets us know someone is here.  We had a little problem with it working after a few weeks and the seller was quick to respond and took good care of us!  Can't be happier!!!::strategichr::4.0::May 5, 2014
R28YN8ZI7XIV01::easy to install::easy works good, very loud long bell though so be prepared you cant change it so it does the bell chime not just a small beep but I need that because I live in the house and need the long sound::dawn dennis::5.0::May 3, 2014
R120HW2HZFHIKS::Total junk::Total junk. Works sporadically then quits. I've had three separate units, one of them has made it successfully into the second week. Hard to believe a company could continue to produce such an item and put their name in it.::Frequent Traveler "Rich"::1.0::April 22, 2014
R2AJ6LM6L4BOHS::Just hooked it up::And it seems to be working as advertised.  Very very easy installation.  Came with 2 sided tape so I didnt even have to use the screws provided.  Chime is loud and has 3 different settings.  I think its going to work well.::gonoles194::5.0::April 11, 2014
R1D7HUR9AR4LW8::Love it!::This works great for our business.  It is loud enough to hear in the back but not an overwhelming noise.::Ykrs::4.0::April 11, 2014
R1JLN0R3OLHG6C::perfect::perfect for what I needed as an alert that someone had opened the front door. . . not a doorbell::Dennis Richardson::5.0::March 31, 2014
R265JLT72GQS4P::Worked the first day::I bought this to compliment my Heath door bell. At first it was working when the door was opened but it failed after two days. Too much of a hassle to return/exchange it.::Kerrith H. King "Kerry"::2.0::March 17, 2014
R15A4B7IE60LS6::GREAT PRODUCT::THIS WORKS FLAWLESSLY, NOT ONE PROBLEM, EASY TO FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS AND FAST SETUP. I WAS VERY VERY VERY VERY PLEASED.::hardrocker871::5.0::March 14, 2014
R3TW5UPWD0SXCV::Alert Chime::Product was perfect for our office entry door. Liked the different chime options. Only "negative" point was not being able to turn the chime volume down enough, without completely turning it off. Had to move the chime box to the copy room, behind reception, and wrap it in bubble wrap!::N Henry::3.0::March 14, 2014
R1ORX0J15L3QKB::Works great!::Very easy to install and works very well.  We have 2 glass doors that swing open in an office setting and work in the back.  This does what we got it for - we now know when customers come through the door.::Sarah Schindele::5.0::March 5, 2014
R2GYBAIRURLTOI::Works good::The chime works well.  The range is not as far as it boasts, but works real well at about 20 feet.::Allen Pullen::4.0::February 28, 2014
R11TZY8E773IFD::Door alarm::This did the trick to awake our night-duty person to attend to a child without waking everyone else.We're greatly pleased.::Bernard Wolf::5.0::February 25, 2014
R1GRKZA04XQA7P::Didn't work in our building::Didn't work in our building, not sure why. We have wood studs and not any metal anywhere in the building.::Mike Aiken::1.0::February 24, 2014
R16I4YGM2PW8KY::Just what I needed::I run a body shop and sometimes it gets slow in the office so I try to get out and get some work done only to have people come in without me hearing or seeing them.  With the adjustable volume it works great when running loud equipment.  I do wish it was easier to change the tune like with a switch but for the price it's still really good.::Daniel Walker::5.0::February 21, 2014
R3DWBFSZMNI3S8::bad::don't buy this item it is really bad.it does not work 75% of time ,i have 2 of them and they are both the same bad bad bad  don't  buy.::Satnam Saini::1.0::February 18, 2014
R1W6SFIJXEAO9J::Dissatisfied consumer::The entry alerter did not operate any further than 10 ft from the sending unit.Called to question not working and was told that that Heathkit was not responsible for units that do not operate as advertised.::Robert Zava::1.0::February 18, 2014
R9EXH0521LLS0::Great Product it delivers::I've tried with other products such as the famous drive way alarm.  This is much better.  No false alarms.  Easy to sutup.::William Mayer::5.0::February 11, 2014
R134NIR7SORJIB::great item::works great, highly recommend it, seems to be pretty long lasting and accurate, canhear it easily and effectively, good purchase::Hector Enrique Marin::5.0::February 4, 2014
R268BIBAOBGBRF::wish the instructions were more clear::We have had this for a year, still can't work the damn thing. It's functional, but cannot be adjusted for sound.::KARIN LEE WEST::3.0::February 3, 2014
RRC0ATTML9U00::Sometimes it doesn't work::I purchased this item for my business, I installed as the manual stated, I put the wireless chime I the back kitchen, it doesn't work, I plug in a different outlet, it worked, but most of the times it doesn't sound. So, I plug it in the front near the door where I installed the sensor. Again, for the most part, it works, but again sometimes it does not sound. The sensor light every time opens the door, but just the chime doesn't sound sometimes.::Fu Sun::3.0::January 29, 2014
R1WOIDV6YN856L::DO not waste your time and money::Bought one and it started working intermittently after about a week, replaced it and the replacement did the same things.::jose de leon::2.0::January 28, 2014
R7443GIT13ZGB::Did not work::I probably should not give this unit 2 stars, but I was impressed with the volume of the chime - very loud if you wanted it to be.  Unfortunately, that was moot because I could not get this to work if I was not actually touching the transmitter or the magnet!  No matter what I did, I could not get the receiver to chime if I was not physically touching either the magnet or the transmitter.  I tried moving the receiver unit to numerous different locations, near and far with no blocking walls to no avail.  If I was holding either the magnet or transmitter - no problem.  If both the magnet and transmitter were attached to the entry door - no luck.  The entry door and frame were aluminum, so not sure if that made a difference.  I returned it and am looking for another unit.::Pete Noetzel::2.0::January 25, 2014
R1XGKP1VIV5U02::Waste::Thought this would do the trick for letting my employees people we're coming in the store. It didn't always make noise and sometimes it would alert us a full 2 minutes after the person entered. My manager took it down in one store and the other manager took the batteries out if in the other.::Neil::1.0::January 24, 2014
R1EH50IHPNN82N::It doesnt work::I'm sure it would be fine but it doesn't work we called the supplier and after talking with them it still is not working hope we can send it back and get it replaced soon.::Kenneth Petsch::1.0::January 20, 2014
R17B2656R1CMVI::It works::My old one died after i guess more than 5 yearsand I got the exact same thing and it works great!!::S. Lee::5.0::January 13, 2014
RU3PH46B038CX::Wireless Door Chime Alert::At the price I was not sure if this unit would work very well. Have never tried a wireless chime alert so I was not sure what to expect. Purchased the unit for some commercial rental property where the renters asked for a door chime to alert them when someone entered the lobby area. The base unit is located in the hallway behind a secondary door about 35 feet from the door sensors. It has settings for 2-3 different tones and they are quite loud (volume is adjustable). The unit has only been installed for a month now but have been quite pleased with it for my expectations and would recommend the unit. Did not give 5 stars because I have not been able to test the longevity of the unit but no real complaints so far.The only negative I can see so far is that the door sensor unit is a tad big so some folks might not like it on their front door. I think it was maybe 2"x 3" because it takes a camera type cylindrical battery while the far end unit plugs into an AC receptacle.::Chris Scher::4.0::January 12, 2014
R31E92OHSHZBTY::Got Confused::This alert had too wide a field to be useful in a mall retail setting. It was over sensitive and picked up shadows walking by in the street and we don't face the street. It lasted about an hour before we took it down. May work for home purposes.::Jodie Burgess::1.0::January 3, 2014
R1NMLK13GPJTOH::Works well, great chime::The product works as advertised.  The chime is clear, loud (not too loud), and melodious.  We installed it in a 2-bedroom apartment, about 900 sq. ft. about 6 months ago and it has worked reliably every time.  I would buy this product again, and recommend it.::ItsMe::5.0::December 28, 2013
R3QZUDZ9PDO2S3::GOOD ENTRY ALERT::This was easy to install and works well. The sound is loud and clear. I would recommend this to any who needs an entry alert.::Richard A. Willems "maintenance man"::5.0::December 23, 2013
R3MMCO4HA5QTWI::Very good product::I ordered it for my restaurant to alert as of incoming customers, but I only want the staff inside the kitchen to hear it and it really is an amazing product except that I forgot that my line is 220 V and the product is only 110 V.::Treb::5.0::December 22, 2013
R27PJVQQVIX6G::Only works Intermittently, less than 10' from receiver.::Exactly what we need if it worked. Only works intermittently which is very frustrating so will have to replace it. waste of $20 oh well::Ben Contreras::1.0::December 12, 2013
R2UQU5FV52RROI::Easiest Chime in the World!::Absolutely easy to install and comes with a nice variety of chime "music".  I had it installed on our store door within minutes and didn't even use a single tool. if the time comes that I need another door chime, this will be the one I get.::R. Allison::5.0::December 11, 2013
R3NALEYZ0OBN6E::Try this if not working.::If the chime stops working try plugging it in very close to the door to "reeducate" the receiver.  Then move it further away and it will probably work.  I still like it.::D. O. Smith::4.0::December 3, 2013
R35VV64DW32GAP::not worth it::Lasted about 2 weeks before it quit working. I tried replacing batteries and still nothing.  I wouldn't waste my money!::Tanya Dennis::1.0::December 1, 2013
RCDJ7IWSSPQ99::Great product for elderly.::Arrived and installed primary and remote unit (for second door in about 45 min--most of that was careful reading of the instructions).  It may not be clear to all that the senors and transmitters have to be set individually for unique tones.  Once set though, they work fine.  Used for elderly grandfather with chime in bedroom so he can detect if any entrance doors open at night.  Unit is well made with battery for sensors  (chime uses 110v)..  No complaints (do drill a pilot hole for any wood screws--screw heads easily strip otherwise.  I also split the double surface tape (down length) to better spread load when attached to metal door (no drilling).  Instructions do mention that a wireless doorbell will activate chime so maybe others might try that solution if they are unhappy with the door alarm feature.::dbleagles::5.0::November 30, 2013
R19L4XJGJIU3B2::Just what I needed.::I own a restaurant and I bought this to chime when a customer opens the door.  Works great to notify servers and cooks when a customer arrives.::DIY Yard "DIY Yard"::5.0::November 29, 2013
R3V8HGIDEBNRI4::No problems so far works great good range.::No problems so far works great good range.  We use this for our front door when the receptionist is away to alert the rest of the staff someone has come in.::2manytoyz "2manytoyz"::5.0::November 24, 2013
R3BGF8CNGELV70::Chime::Easy to install.  Has a choice of tones, with a slight modification.  Has adjustable volume, on the rear of the plug in unit.::George::4.0::October 29, 2013
R1CL0470HL4MBD::Garbage::The range of this unit is maybe 15 feet, and even at that it's completely unreliable. Look elsewhere, this is worthless.::Benzal::1.0::October 22, 2013
R2OU0A9XPD8IK3::Not usable for me::As mentioned in other reviews, operation is intermittent and the range is very low.  I thought at first the included battery might old or weak so I bought another.  No help.  The light on the sensor illuminates as the door is opened indicating it is working but the receiver must be less than 10 feet from the sensor to sound off and then not every time.  As usual you get what you pay for.::James G.::1.0::October 17, 2013
R14XT7QJ2R9WRA::Great product!!::Works great.  As advertised.  Put it to immediate use.  Placed the sensor on the entry door and the chime upstairs.  No problems.  Installed the sensors with the included two sided tape.  So easy and quick.  Thanks!::Big Jim::5.0::October 12, 2013
R1S6GRPKHKI99X::Wonderful piece of mind !!!::This is the second one of these we have purchased. We have a non-verbal special needs daughter and need to know when she gets up so we can help her go to the bathroom during the night or first thing in the morning.  We have the plug in part in our bedroom and it works great !!!  We have one at our home and just bought another for our vacation cabin in North Carolina. We will never have to worry about her getting up and hurting herself or missing the potty again.::L. Russell::5.0::October 10, 2013
RPV3T9D88U8O7::Almost worthless::This product worked for about two weeks before it almost stopped completely.  Would ring maybe once in ten tries.  Then it would go off when it wasn't supposed to.  When it DID work, there was such a delay from the time the door opened until the box would ring.  The signal only had to go ten feet and there isn't any interference.::North Carolina Consumers Council::1.0::October 3, 2013
R2C3HQMXLYZK28::Couldn't be happier::We have been in this house for 3 years and 3 months. After about one month, we realized our son - who is on the autism spectrum - enjoyed going for middle-of-the-night walks. After we replaced the door locks with two-way key-entry locks, we looked for an affordable way to be aware every time the doors opened. With three main doors - and our requirement to be easy-to-implement and affordable, this was a challenge. This product is the perfect fit. With a family of six, there's plenty of activity, but we have replaced each of the sensor batteries once in three years.::J. Herrick "homebrewer and father of four"::5.0::October 2, 2013
R3RMNYBAVOR7ME::Poor range. Intermittent.::I wanted to use this to alert my back office staff in the event someone came in our front entry and the receptionist was away from her desk. The back office is only 30 feet away with only one wall in between. The door sensor could not reach the chime. So, we had to move closer to the front which defeats the whole purpose of buying it. Also, even at the lowest volume setting, it's really loud, especially in our quiet office. We had to cover the speaker with tape so lower the sound. If you're going to use this in a noisy location like a retail store, it might be ok, so long as you keep the chime close to the door sensor and put no walls between the two.::E. Hicaro "Stonemaster"::3.0::October 2, 2013
R26F9XZ2T5P7X4::Iffy.::Sometimes it would work, and sometimes it wouldn't. I ended up chunking it, because I ain't gonna use the thing.::Darin Mccoy::3.0::September 26, 2013
R23S9RJZWFU3IO::Didn't even work.....::Product didn't even work.... Tried multiple time but never got it to work. what a waste of money. i hate it.::Brandon Holland::1.0::September 23, 2013
R2HWFNYRZGDXCC::junk::Tried several timea to get this thibg programmed with no luck! I would not order this product again! Unless your great at readibg terribly written directions I wouldnt buy this product::Pen Name::1.0::September 10, 2013
R1RYB2DTT97TSK::Defective and Very Bad Range::We have a warehouse and sometimes no one is in the office area when a customer walks in.  We bought this to avoid having customers wait for us to come by.  At first it was easy to setup.  we used double sided tape to put it onto the door.  When we tried to keep the receiver at an area where we could easily hear it while in the warehouse, it would not work.  We could keep it about 15ft from the door at the most for it to work.  The next day the unit stopped working all together.  The transmitter showed a red light turning on when the door was opened, but the receiver would not chime.  We tried keeping the receiver and transmitter near each other and still no luck.  Buy it at your own risk.  I am returning this and trying another one that will hopefully work the way I want.::David::1.0::September 10, 2013
R1NQ5KPJZOK43G::works great!!::It works very well at our retail location. PLenty loud enough from far away and the installation is easy and fast!!::Chris' dad::4.0::September 5, 2013
R35C240QTVA9GM::Works great!::Needed to know when someone was entering at work as many times I am in another room. Love Love it!::Paula Cole::5.0::September 1, 2013
R2R77825VKAT60::Doesn't work all the time.::We needed this for our shop, however even if the chime speaker is less than 50ft away from the door it is inconsistent. When it comes to notifying us when customers come in, we cannot rely on this. I would not recommend this to anyone.::Adrian::1.0::August 28, 2013
RNLKT0BPPD498::chimes::ordered for work and getting good use out of it.  let's us know when a customer walks in the door.  prices are so good and ships quickly.  thanks!!!!!::Dee::5.0::August 26, 2013
R1RG0MSJ9S9SEJ::Works Great::Although it's a little tricky to set the jumpers in the chime and the remote...it's worth the purchase, works great.::Ricky Matlock::4.0::August 25, 2013
R3FDNZT3EPTOW::whorthless::this is the worst thing I have ever bought from amazon I wish I wouldv keep the box and stuff to return it. it does not work at 100 feet like it says in fact it don't even work at 75 feet deff a piece of s*** and not worth the money::jeremy carter::1.0::August 22, 2013
RAN0HNJJHJ4IQ::worked for a few weeks only::it broke after a few weeks and amazon can't take it back now what am i supposed to do. guess will have to buy another brand and hope it works longer than a few weeks::dirk buchheit::1.0::August 21, 2013
R31UZDHP6KG4VB::Unreliable::I had to reposition the chime several times before finding a range that would actually chime and even then, it is unreliable.  It chooses when it wants to chime!  It had to be about 15 feet away from the door to work. So much for the 100 foot range as described in the product description!::Carly::2.0::August 19, 2013
R2E5WA4NY6STO5::Inconsistent::The door chime only works about 80% of the time. That's not good enough when you're using it to let you know people have entered your business. I saw warnings about the range of this unit and wish I had paid attention to them.::Michael Betz::1.0::August 19, 2013
R1V9964ASJ3ORJ::Excellent value & quality::Very easy to install, several different chimes to choose from & very easy to program. Great volume and distance. Would not hesitate to order again.  Have used it over 1 year now and still working on the original battery that it came with.  Very impressed!::Robert J Meyers::5.0::August 17, 2013
R1WJ0HH579JOU4::they worked about 4 days, i have stopped payment on the credit card.::absolutely a waste of money, sorry but I feel cheated. I have stopped payment on the charge for bad product.::Hundley Group::1.0::August 8, 2013
R1W4RXWN9RJFOV::1 month::Works for 1 month, changed battery... still nothing. Very cheap constructed. Very basic electronic. Need to find something else on Amazon::Simone::1.0::July 10, 2013
R23HVVO0NRD80F::Does the job well...install it and forget it::This is a very good product.  I had better results using duck tape for installation on the front door.  The chime itself is quite loud and can be adjusted for the number of notes played.  I bought an extention switch (  Prime Wire & Cable EC870615 15-Foot 16/2 SPT-2 Remote Switch Cord) in order to turn the chime off when not needed.  They work great together for the past three months. I do recommend you add the extra sensor battery, but have not needed it yet.::James1seek "James1seek"::4.0::July 9, 2013
R295TFD8WFQLT8::Do not buy!::Do not buy this. It hardly worked when it worked. It wouldn't always go off so I'd have customers surprise me in the office. The range is also about 10 ft...maybe 15 if you want it to work less than 50% of the time.::M. Miller "Metroman83"::1.0::July 6, 2013
R301MLV31GI7M9::Google SUCKS, product image pops up.::I bought this for my business. It does not work. The 1st day, it chimed half the time. The 2nd day, not at all. I replaced the brand new battery, and it didn't work either. I contacted customer support, and they said "THIS IS A MADE FOR RESIDENCES, SO THEY WILL NOT WARRANTY IT FOR MY BUSINESS!!!!" DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT IT TO WORK.::Bigblu2u::1.0::July 6, 2013
R3EEJZPCS6TB0E::Range of only a few feet::This looked like what I needed: a sensor I could attach to an outside gate up against the house leading to the backyard. I set up the system with the AC receiver/chime plugged in to a exterior wall under a window about 20 feet from the sensor outside. It worked for a couple of days, then wouldn't "chime" even though the red LED on the sensor indicated it was working. I put a fresh battery in the sensor just in case, but it still didn't work. I removed the sensor (magnet and transmitter) and found it worked (triggering the chime to ring) only when it was within about six feet of the chime (still outside the house). Pretty useless as a wireless chime. I would return it if I could or at least exchange it for another to give it another try.::Richard C. Katz::1.0::June 26, 2013
REQXCC0D1L7SB::Terrible::Worst product ever.False chimes all the time, and it is extremely loud.Would not recommend this product to anyone.::Dennis Dass::1.0::June 10, 2013
R3SW8V4S4SHEGR::Radio trasmitter Distance pretty short::A little disappointed about the distance from the door chime to the receiver -but it works good if you don't mind it being close::K. Nguyen::3.0::June 8, 2013
R3JFGBCKE33KO8::it really works::This is a rather simple system that sounds a chime whenever the door is opened. It alerts me if someone is leaving the house -- and as a caregiver to a spouse whose dementia means leaving unannounced could have negative results. I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a fancy system, but of course I wanted something of good enough quality that I could trust it to work all the time. And the Heath system does just that!::George Allan::5.0::June 2, 2013
R37J9A7FJCI0LL::Great for leaving the back door open at night::I easily installed this item.  The plastic packing is minimal and conservative.  Once opened, there are the main components and a set of screws and a spacer piece.  I didn't need either.  I just plugged in the receiver and double-sided taped the two magnetic pieces to my screen door top.  I tested it twice and it's great!!  As soon as the door is open, the alarm (an 8 chime Westminster note) sounds.  The volume is controllable with a simple screwdriver on the back of the plug unit.Not to worry, the plug can reach far away.  Rooms away without any wires.  That's right: NO WIRES.  Can't beat this.  I tried to find this at a local hardware store and they never heard of such an item.  Strange.  Anyway, this is a great item that I can now sleep peacefully with the back door open to cool the home at night and know if something happens, I'll know about it with a nice "chime".  Cheers!!::J. Summer "Mahalo from the Polynesian Islands...::5.0::May 24, 2013
R3QJNX2OQT3HZB::I have been looking to replace my old system::The last time I bought one on Amazon it was too big and bulky to put on this metal door jam and metal door frame.  This one was nice and small and I taped the bigger side up and superglued the small side to the door.  The chime plugs in so I don't have to buy batteries like the old one.  There are 3 ringtones.  I only wanted din so I had to add a jumper which it did not come with.  I finally have a chime again so people can't come in unbeknownst to me any more.  Also the chime has a volume adjustment.  I am happy.::Vicki::5.0::May 14, 2013
R3VXLBU4VMKF41::it's good::i like the entry alert, its a good product. It works every time the door opensHave a good range. And you can plug it in where u want.I been using the same company product for the last 6-7 years and never had a problem.I would recommend this product.::david::4.0::May 11, 2013
R2CDPZPBORP60R::The range is not 100 ft::I bought it for my house side gate and I put the Chime in the laundry room about 20 ft away. It doesn't work. So, I moved it to the garage about 15 ft from the sensor and it worked. I am disappointed since I cannot really hear the chime inside the house.::I like Amazon::2.0::May 2, 2013
R31EHP8MWPEK9B::This is used on our entry door for a restaurant, but it sucks with double doors.::I had intended to use this on a set of double doors at our restaurant, but only one side makes the chime go off. I tried to offset the placement of the smaller magnet so that the sensor would trip if the sensor-side door would open, but it won't :(So, as it is, only one side of the door will make the chime go off -which is still better than it never going off, but it's not useful to be in back & not hear when people come in on the 'wrong side'::Licotto::3.0::May 1, 2013
R188FI4UJA92Z2::Just Okay::Bought for a retail store so we would know when someone walks in and no one is out front. The chime sounds are ok, all were a tad annoying so we went with the single chime. The problem is range, it's WAY less than the product claims. It can penetrate maybe 1 wall. We ended up hiding the main unit in the same room as the door, it works but we wanted to locate it one or two rooms away from the front. We couldn't put it there because it didn't work reliably even one room away. The range of 100' is likely in open space with no obstructions. Through walls it's maybe 15 feet at most.::E-Truggy::3.0::April 14, 2013
R2SDP3DQ87NPBS::Great product::I bought this item to warn me about my two year old exiting the house without my knowledge. He grew so tall he can reach the doorknob!  It works like  charm and the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I had to use double sticky foam tape to adhere to it the outside of my door because the application did not work for the interior of my door.  No fault of the company, just my situation.::Val Southgate::4.0::April 3, 2013
R2OLNG89OIIWYF::bad quality::used in a restaurant. it didn't work every time.it only work about 3/4 of the time.eat alot of battery.this bell are just built cheaply.bad..::jbz::1.0::March 26, 2013
R12R678MI2YPTI::It's alright::Bought this for my son's room.  He's two and can open doors so I wanted something that will alert us in our bedroom if he leaves his room.  The chime works alright, but the mounting stuff it comes with is terrible.  It's currently sitting in a pile waiting for me to go to the store and buy stuff to get it fixed.::S. Krueger::3.0::March 15, 2013
R70RLQINNQKQJ::Just Okay::We needed to be alerted when a customer entered our office. Can't always see the door. It was what I was looking for and it worked just fine for about 3 months. Then it just stopped. Changed the battery in the sensor but it still does not work. Door sensor appears to be okay. I would not recommend it.::Sam::2.0::March 14, 2013
R2FYAWV6AOWKOY::Battery Hog !!!!::Works good for 1/2 a day then have to replace the batteries, it gets really warm to touch. I've already spent more on batteries than the d%*&m; thing cost. Replaced it with a different manufacture. Now I'm happy ::Tommy::1.0::March 8, 2013
R30V42Q9J9TRRI::Works rather well::I really like this. Was having issues with my other door chime. This is for a commercial business and the old 1 went off when it felt like or never stopped ringing.I did have to add a different magnet to this. The one that trips the switch maybe snit powerful enough. One I did I have no issues what so ever. Glad I work in a shop that makes namebadges, because mine are really powerful.::Patrice Taurisano::3.0::March 7, 2013
RSN5KKPJN0TPV::Poor performance at 40 feet::We cant use this unit. Placing almost anything between the receiver and transmitter stops the unit from working. We wanted it to ring is an office that can't see the door that is maybe 30-40' away. If the units are close, I suppose it would be ok.::David::1.0::February 27, 2013
R354LR44UWWQXB::Not worth it::We have a small retail store and wanted something to alert us when customers entered out store front.  This chime worked well for maybe a week.  We tried replacing batteries and code pins, but no luck.::New Small Business Owner::2.0::February 23, 2013
R1YMHW7RUIIPUG::Sporadic chimes::We purchased this door chime for our office front door to alert us when someone walks in. We installed it according to the directions. It worked great for the first two weeks. now it's chiming is sporadic and sometimes doesn't go off. The red light still activates when the door opens, but the chime doesn't always go off. I'm not very impressed, but then again, the chime was inexpensive. Needless to say, we are going to take it down and purchase a better one...::Christen O.::2.0::February 20, 2013
R3E339YZIZ85ZY::Works well::DThe device itself works as advertised. The double sided tape that came with it was junk, but once the sensor had fallen off the door the first time and I replaced it with good tape, it's worked well. I did have to play with the jumpers so as to only have it going off when it should (crosstalk with another device in the area).::Lawrence "lgaretto"::4.0::February 15, 2013
RX2GO6ULPINRG::Impressive Alarm::I Use it as a door bell so I can hear people coming into my shop. I Would recommend it::Walter R. Swift::5.0::February 5, 2013
R1SXTR5EA21TOZ::Buy something else, dont waste your time::This thing only works at about 20 feet(line of sight)  and doesnt work all the time. I would not suggest this product to anyone::nic::2.0::January 16, 2013
R3KKWHX2C0LKVP::Works as described. Needs better mounting tape::I needed a chime for my office to let us know when someone entered when we were in the warehouse. This little unit fit the bill perfectly. The door part consists of a small transmitter and a separate magnetic reed switch. Mounting the two was easy and quick. However because of the finish on my door, the double-sided tape wasn't strong enough to hold the reed switch so it has fallen off. I will have to devise a better mounting solution. The receiver unit plugs into a standard AC plug and is ready to go. Provides a nice doorbell sound every time the door is opened. Since this is a wireless unit, the setup is fast and the flexibility of this system is great! Just needs better mounting options.::Ryan C. Johnson::4.0::January 12, 2013
R20Z3NCN91N62P::Works great!::We purchased one of these for our office about five years ago and it works great. The chime is not high pitched which is really nice. We just purchased another one from Amazon.::Kelley::5.0::January 8, 2013
R1J9X3IE0U8P4D::Works great! No one can come into the shop without me hearing them!::I found the product easy to install. Hope it lasts a few years like the first one I bought did.::Joe Lowell::4.0::January 3, 2013
R29U2PZX0UL2P8::Has quirks after a while::After a while, it starts chiming out of the blue.  Checked both the door unit and the one in the wall, and both are operational.  Still works when someone opens the door, but the "ghost" chimes can get annoying,  but overall, worth the price and very handy when we can't see someone walk in the front door of the office.::TCK::3.0::December 30, 2012
R320SQATNVWRQZ::Perfect for my escape artist::Easy to install and reliable.  we use it on our sons door that we will know if he tries to roam the house in the night. Works fabulous::Monicaponica::5.0::December 23, 2012
R3AAT97SEB8JOZ::Range not great.::Bought this to replace a cheaper version that had lasted 3 years, but died unexpectedly.  Says the range is 100ft, but we're having problems at about 55 ft that we did not have with the cheaper version.  If I hadn't destroyed the packaging I would consider returning this.  For now, it will do.Edit: Bought basically the same thing at Lowes under the "Utilitech" brand.  Works great.::Patrick Anderson "Patman"::2.0::December 11, 2012
R1FI7KF2BW54WL::Good for SMALL business.::I purchased 2 of these for our seperate stores. I imstalled the first on and noticed that distance might be an issue. I relocated the receiver and it worked for this location.The second location is slightly larger. It would not work at the required distance for me.If you have a metal door and more than 50ft of distance from the transmitter and the receiver this will not work for you.::Rick Hillard::3.0::December 1, 2012
R1U1EPK39394G8::Works great!::This item was purchased to alert us when someone enters our office. The building is 2,000 square feet and were having difficulties with unannounced visitors. Now everyone knows when some enters or exits. It's loud enough to be heard throughout the building without being obnoxious.::Sarah Young::5.0::November 27, 2012
R2XG25JMD0XYC4::Excellent product::I have been looking for items like this for a while , I tried several product none of them work::ALI ABDALLAH::5.0::November 23, 2012
R3RFLKGJCU8G52::better than a doorbell::excellent product. our office s in our home. if no one is in the office downstairs i know when someone comes in.::lorelei rush::5.0::November 18, 2012
R1IQCP85ROQO9A::Wireless Motion Sensor::The company was great - shipped very quickly, good pricing, good follow up. However, the chime uses a LOT of batteries and goes through them within 10-15 chimes. Great company, sub-par product.::Susan::2.0::November 6, 2012
R2N1UDGBEM24Y3::DINGDONG::We needed something to notify us when patients came through the door and we where busy in the back office. We love it. We can place the sound anywhere there is an outlet. Easy to install and very efficient.::WIHO::5.0::October 16, 2012
R29APVTYYJOJZK::Buyer beware!::This is the worst entry chime! I bought it for my studio and it only goes off when it wants to. On top of that you are unable to install it more than 10 feet away or it doesn't work at all. I bought this to replace one that gave me false signals when the cars would drive by, but I think I would rather have false signals than none at all. If you are going to use this for a place of business keep looking. This one is terrible!::Brett::1.0::September 6, 2012
R3K9JEET3VK981::A Bust: Heath Zenith Wireless Entry Alert Chime SL-6168::Tried for 20 minutes to get it to work on the door.  Never happened.  Only holding it in the hand would the sensor work.  The distance claimed for sensitivity is not true.  Beyond 30 feet in a straight line of sight it never worked. I do not recommend anything that is so hard to install, even if it were to work.::Dred "Madmax"::1.0::August 31, 2012
R35AFGD3VF6YVO::Great for entrance door.::We have the transmitter installed about 50' from our warhouse door and this works great.  It was easy to install and it does have some different tones to select from.::Thepoolman::5.0::August 17, 2012
RONKMYZSVWY5::Transmitter has grown weaker in strength.::The plug-in part of the alert system was originally plugged in a perfect spot in the office where everyone could hear the chime. A couple months in, we noticed that the chime no longer worked. I checked the battery first, but it was discovered that in order for the alert chime to sound, we had to move the plug-in part to a different part of the office, further away from those who need to hear it. Turning it up just makes it absurdly loud for anyone who happens to be in the room when it goes off.::Patrick::3.0::May 27, 2012
R16QRGZOI595OH::Zenith Door Alarm - not-so-epic FAIL::Bought the transmitter and two receiver units. All were very simple to install and worked perfectly for about two weeks, after which they began to work intermittently. Sometimes one receiver will activate, sometimes both and sometimes neither.I haven't decided whether it is better to have them running, working only approximately every third time, or whether I would prefer not to have them at all...http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000HE6QXY/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title::Margaret Eaton::2.0::March 11, 2012
R1LRG236ULHLK9::Exit door monitor::I had purchased this door monitor because my youngest son kept getting up at night and had the run of the house all night long.  Since we have gotten the monitor, he has never come out of his bedroom at night, even to go to the bathroom.  So it is definitely working as a deterant.  Installing the equipment was easy.  The only issue I have is that there is a 2-3 second delay between the time that the door is open and the time that the chime sounds.  Since the speaker and the door are only about 20 feet apart, I am not sure why this is.  Anyway, my son is finally getting the rest he needs for school and I am not worrying about the house burning down every night.  Much better!::P. Catey "plczoo"::4.0::May 10, 2010
R2VSFHUVY52O1X::Heath Zenith SL-6168-D::i do not recomment to buy this item on internet, go to Lowe's so you can return easier. Mine only last 5 hours then it died. I had to go to Lowes to get the new one.::D. Pham "The Tooth Doctor"::1.0::April 18, 2010
RSDAA4ZQDGV24::It works, but the battery seems not last very long::It works as I expected, but the sensor's battery seems doesn't last very long. After two days of a brand new installation, it failed to work until I replaced a new sensor battery. So I guess I will need to prepare some more sensor batteries to keep it working.::J. Wang::3.0::April 3, 2010
R1MPT6WK6FHWEM::Don't buy it::This is definite;y a case where I got what I payed for. The entry alarm only works reliablly if the receiver is less than 10 feet away. The chime has a pause of 3-4 secounds before sound, which ends up scaring people because they are already in the room. Despite having the volume control turned all the way down, it is still very loud which once again scares people.Don't buy this its a piece of junk.::Gregory E. Rice::2.0::February 10, 2010
R3OT17BMVA4S8N::Works well, but not perfectly::Works as expected most times, with transmitters on 1st floor and receiver on 2nd floor of my home.  Occasionally, doesn't chime when expected.  Occasionally, chimes when door isn't opened.  I may try the tricks here to extend the antenna and to change the frequency with the jumpers.Although not available from Amazon, a second transmitter can be purchased at a decent price.  Google "Heath SL-6169"::Lewis Moseley::4.0::December 23, 2009
R3IFT5KFOQN83L::Good product, works well, sticky backing could use some work.::Bought this product for the office. Works really well, has plenty of "BING". Transmits 50+ feet through one wall. Only problem I had was with the sticky backing of the transmiter. After 4 months it fell off (only reason it got 4 stars). No big deal, used a 3M command strip and it's working fine. Set up is easy and actually had to put it at a 90 deg angle to each other (transmiter set up) and still works fine. Now nobody sneeks up on us. If you're looking for a simple, easy product that works well for the price you can't beat it.::S. jaouen "Beave"::4.0::December 15, 2009
R3UCXROJAVBE08::Functional, but with Very Limited Range::I downgraded the rating to three stars due to the unit's limited range, which was 30-40 feet in my 3500 sq-ft two-story building.  In order to make it usable, I had to add an external antenna (explained below).This product is designed to sense the opening of a door.  It is easy to install and so far, has functioned reliably.  It comes with only one transmitter device, yet the receiver chime is capable of 2-channels, so that it can be additionally used with a [not-included] Heath Zenith door bell.  The receiver/chime has options for three sounds: ding, ding-dong, and Westminster.  It also has a volume control.  Note that some other Heath Zenith products, such as the Heath Zenith SL-6142-C, have only ding and ding-dong options with no volume control.I have three different Heath Zenith receiver/chime products in my building, and fortunately they are mostly compatible.  All three had to be modified with an external antenna, due to limited range.The simplest modification for increased range is to open the case, drill a hole at the bottom, and pass through the 10" red antenna wire so that it dangles straight down.  If this doesn't do it, then add a 10" counterpoise wire.  Drill a small hole in the top.  Solder the wire to ground foil on the PC board near where the red antenna wire is attached.  Pull the counterpoise wire straight up.  This modification (both wires) made the system barely usable in my building.::Reed White::3.0::November 29, 2009
R10MNWDR4WVIWG::Chime range::The range is not very far on this chime.  Works great if you want the chime fairly close to the door, but not if you wanted it in another room.::M. Blissett::3.0::August 7, 2009
R3MAC6L0DPV2Z7::wireless entry alert::I purchased this for my daughter's Bake Shop. Heath Zenith SL-6168-C Wireless Plug-In Chime with Entry-Alert Sensor, White  Tried other alerts and this is the best. Recommmend it for others.::Robert C. Stacconi::5.0::July 31, 2009
RI82VCSG0XIQB::Remote Door Chime for Businesses::This unit works well once you change the frequency from that which comes factory set. If you leave it like the factory sets it you get quite a few false rings possibly from aberrant signals in the area.  Also, the battery in the remote unit does not insert solidly so you have to be really quick to get the door back on it.  Finally, I don't believe you can set it so that it only has one chime for the entry.  Your choices are either Westminster or ding-dong.  I'd prefer a single ding (or dong).  Otherwise, it is a very nice unit.  I'd recommend it.  Amazon's return is also very hassle-free as I had to replace the first unit I received.  They sent out a return label and a new unit.  Very efficient.::Dr. John::4.0::April 24, 2009
R10F8TMFRHJ8BP::Great item!::Works great on the double glass doors of my training center.Was very easy to install and set chime.~Geri::Geri::5.0::March 4, 2009
R9JYAMNHFNV2O::Very Limited Range in Apartment Building::The specifications on this chime claim that it works up to 100 feet. That may be true, but if you are considering using it in building with brick, concrete or steel walls as I was, be aware that the range is far less. To be precise, I could not get the chime to ring at a distance of 25 feet. The mini-manual does state that concrete and steel will limit the effective range, but when it cuts the range down more than 75%, it made it useless for me. As they say, your mileage may vary...::Liberty4all "DMZ"::3.0::December 5, 2008
R1I1XVOZL0HH6O::Good product for the price::I have a 1000 square foot medical office and needed an alarm for when patients entered the front door. The door chime sounds nice and sounds off about 99% of the time. The unit is relatively easy to install, but the volume is rather loud and does not really lower much. Otherwise, it is a great product for the price and I would recommend it.::T. Wong::4.0::September 4, 2008
R33LIKRO3YE4WS::Works great!::Bought this handy little item from another well-known home improvement store, for roughly the same price.  I wanted a chime for the front gate, as it is the only point of entrance around my house that does not have a lock.  After a bit of trial-and-error, it is now working flawlessly.  I wrapped it in kitchen plastic wrap and a little bit of duct tape, and secured it to the gate with zip-ties.  Yeah, it's a little MacGyver'd, but I get a nice chime everytime the gate is opened.A couple of minor cons:The unit needs to be aligned just right for it to properly work.  If the smaller piece is too low or too high, you won't get the chime.  Also, the volume of the receiver is pretty high, even at the lowest setting.One nice thing that the unit features is multiple tones.  One ding, a ding-dong, and that chime that every grandfather clock seems to have (I think it's called "Westminster").  You just have to change the jumpers on the back panel.If you are looking for a good chime to give you a heads-up that you have a visitor, you could do a lot worse than this little guy.::Daniel Davis "Music Geek"::4.0::July 25, 2008
R1PHCA0QCS638D::Works great::Works as they said.  Needed an entry alarm at my new office.  Hung sensor on door in 5 minutes with just a screwdriver.  Actual chime is in another room about 80 feet away and works fine.  Only problem I had was my wireless door bell was on same frequency.  So if someone opened the door my door chime and door bell went off each a little apart.  Almost sounded like a grandfather clock.  Was easy to fix.  Per simple instructions I just had to change the little jumper position.Shipping was mega fast.  I had just printed the receipt after ordering and 5 minutes later the UPS driver showed up (just kidding but it was fast)::Fred Fourby "Fred"::5.0::June 19, 2008
R15S4EHOT3LY8F::great gate announcer::i have had this on my outside gate to announce when someone opens the gate.  been there since 2004.. life saver.. you have to wrap or cover the transmitter to keep it from the weather. but it dosent stop it from transmiting..  very cool thing to have if you want to monitor a door or gate..::F. Loehrer "Franko"::5.0::December 8, 2007
R1EZ4PCJHZV928::Beware this is not a doorbell::I read the description of this product and ordered it thinking that it was a doorbell and also a sensor.  It is not a doorbell and Amazon should change the written material about this product.  It is not what I wanted at all.  Unfortunately I did not read the customer reviews; if I had I would have noted that another buyer made the same mistake.::georgehd "georgehd"::1.0::November 16, 2007
R3VHUIX3HBCPM3::Very disappointed!::This product worked great for about the first 5 times the door was opened, then it stopped. The lights show that the battery is working properly, but will not chime. The company is a pain to deal with. I have called several times this morning and was on hold for 20 minutes at a time until the line goes dead. I call customer service and they put me through again to Tech. support and get the same treatment. Put on hold until their line goes dead. I'm very frustrated. Product is going back.::M. Hanshaw::1.0::September 29, 2008
R24FWMZZ0BH3CP::Only worked within 20ft of door!!::After reading all the reviews which talked about the door chime working 75% of the time and only working within 20ft of the door... I still decided to risk it and make the purchase. My experience was exactly the same results. Installed ok on our garage-entry door and it worked perfect using outlet 20ft away in hallway... but when I tried moving it to 3 different outlets at 40ft to 60ft away from the door, I got intermittent results and then next day it stopped working completely. I don't know why the signal was so weak, since we had no "interference" problem. We have Wood frame house and no other radio ways in the house or surrounding us. Finally, I moved back to outlet 20ft way and now it works 90% of the time. I'm probably going to send it back to manufacturer with warranty claim?? but it is time for Amazon to "drop" this product, since 50% of reviews are 2-star or less.::Charity::1.0::March 18, 2012
RV00TAYJUJ3WR::. It is ONLY an entrance sensor, not a doorbell::This item is NOT a doorbell or ringer, where people at your front door push a button to summon you. It is ONLY an entrance alarm/charm, for use in businesses to alert when a customer enters a shop!In the picture, the middle sized item is a sensor/transmitter which you mount on the doorjam and the small one is a magnet, which you mount on the door. When the door opens and they separate, the chime sounds from the large item, which you plug into andescription used the term "doorbell" several times, this is not a DoorBell.::Ed Galvin::2.0::December 30, 2011
R3T075WAPCA6ZU::Do not purchase!::I am very disappointed with this product. It should work up to 100-foot range, but it doesn't even work in 50-foot range. Do not buy it, you'll be very disappointed!::Eva::1.0::September 19, 2011
R2Q2IWNQBX6966::Barely Functional::The minute you move the receiver unit any distance away from the transmitter it fails to work.  I was barely able to get it to work when placing the chime unit within 10 feet of the door.  (Certainly not even close to the 100 ft range it advertises.)  Very disappointing.  I sent it back.::kmereno::1.0::June 11, 2011
R1PVLDSCF0EH39::Buyer BEWARE... A piece of JUNK::This thing has NOT worked correctly since the day we got it... It worked on occasion when we first bought it, but what good is that? NOW, it doesn't work AT ALL!Buyer beware - don't buy it, it's junk.::Lcozy::1.0::September 23, 2010
R2FR73CLA7RPOB::Works?::The item shipped quickly and worked well for one week then would not sound tone unless receiver was within 25 feet of sender.::jb::1.0::June 28, 2010
RHAXKJNP550GE::wireless door bell::I purchased a wireless doorbell and had a problem. I called tech support, on my landline phone, for help and they kept me on hold for 45 minutes. While waiting I called on my cell (not to lose my place in line)when I reached customer service they said that the tech people were out to lunch. So I went back to the store and got a refund. This is the first and last time I will buy any of their products.::J. Cappello "very unhappy customer"::1.0::November 15, 2008
R23KN6DPWOHPGK::defective item::i knew that this wasn't the best item but it wasn't the worse either.  must have to say i was a little disappointed.  the chime unit didn't work at all without any sound.  read thru the owners manual.  played around w/ the jumper settings for about 30 minutes.  called tech support the next morning after 8 minutes on hold.  tech just took about 30 seconds and said that it is probably defective and to return it back to amazon.com.  will see if the new one will fair any better.::thordds::1.0::September 8, 2011
R2T1HRB6GOWM0S::NO DOOR ALERT, DOES NOT WORK::This product works great for a few hours and then it works only on intermittently.. Not what you need in a retail environment when you need to be alerted that there are customers.  Not a good purchase.::Nancy Dean::1.0::April 4, 2014
R2BWMAP0C49NF9::don't like::Too confusing so much that it is still in the box I didn't even attempt to install and I feel that it was money wasted, I never returned this item out of laziness and now it is probably too late::michael::1.0::February 14, 2014
RUGFBSTQYLXZH::you get what you pay for::NOT FOR COMMERCIAL USE. that is to say, attaching it to an aluminum frame door, as most commercial doors are, renders this POS useless. that is what they're customer service told me was the reason it chimed for no reason, but does not chime when the door is opened. useless!!::Last Man Standing::1.0::June 9, 2012
R2VALDDJD4K87A::So So::I was looking for a mount for the baby monitor video camera and this seemed to fit the bill.  It has a lot of mounting options, several extension tube lengths included, so it was easy to get the correct position for the monitor.  It's made with some heavy duty metal, so it feels solid......except for the ballhead it comes with.  It seems like it should work well, but it's the worst, most finicky ballhead I've ever used.  Granted, it was cheap, but getting it to stay in one spot was troublesome.  I should have gone with a GorillaPod or something and mounted the camera directly to the crib rail.  Once you have the ballhead tightened up enough to keep everything in place, do NOT touch it, as any slight bump seems to knock the ballhead loose again.::xder345 "xder345"::3.0::November 21, 2011
R2V43ADOPUE281::Videosecu Camera Mounting Bracket + Ipad Tripod Mount = Perfect!::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDrefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso;	   


function cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.write("cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JD', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JD';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JD', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JD";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m20X7GPPJV5J7P";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m20X7GPPJV5J7P";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R2V43ADOPUE281";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m20X7GPPJV5J7P/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JD', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDnewHeight(h);

  cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDso.write("cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDRollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDRollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71Paml8NwyS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDpreplayImageId');
if (cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDpreplay) {
  cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71Paml8NwyS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71Paml8NwyS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDcurrentClick) {
      return cv_mo2QLTQKQF4V5JDcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 0:42 MinsThis product was exactly what I needed and more. It actually exceeded my expectations. I know it's just a simple mounting bracket, but I was actually expecting something much 'chincier' and I wasn't sure if it would even be tall enough. So when it arrived and was a good solid metal and the perfect height you can't help but appreciate when things go your way.I used the Videosecu Camera Mounting Bracket to mount my iPad on a tripod. This product is the perfect companion to the Grifiti Nootle iPad Tripod Mount:Grifiti Nootle Ipad Tripod Mount (For 2 and 3) with 1/4-20 Thread to Fit Any Standard Head You Already Use::nickdclements::5.0::May 11, 2012
R30JW5P6WMSMHA::6" Universal Camera Mounting Bracket::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_17176071embeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_17176071refresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_17176071chiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_17176071hiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_17176071refresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_17176071so;	   


function cv_17176071loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_17176071so = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_17176071AMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_17176071so.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_17176071so.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_17176071so.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_17176071so.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_17176071so.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_17176071so.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_17176071so.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_17176071so.write("cv_17176071flashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_17176071', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_17176071';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_17176071', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_17176071loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_17176071";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m3CJ722LD0DUR7";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m3CJ722LD0DUR7";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R30JW5P6WMSMHA";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m3CJ722LD0DUR7/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_17176071duration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_17176071duration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_17176071loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_17176071loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_17176071loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_17176071newHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_17176071', 0, h);
}

function cv_17176071resetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_17176071newHeight(h);

  cv_17176071so.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_17176071so.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_17176071so.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_17176071so.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_17176071so.write("cv_17176071flashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_17176071RollOverImg = new Image();
cv_17176071RollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81JPbG4%2BpmS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_17176071preplay = document.getElementById('cv_17176071preplayImageId');
if (cv_17176071preplay) {
  cv_17176071preplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_17176071preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81JPbG4%2BpmS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_17176071preplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_17176071preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81JPbG4%2BpmS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_17176071preplay.parentNode;

  var cv_17176071currentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_17176071currentClick) {
      return cv_17176071currentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 0:19 MinsI use my 6" Universal Camera Mounting Bracket to hang my 8-inch Digital Picture Frame,::A. Montano::5.0::January 2, 2008
R6DLZG0W0S09E::Cheap, Beware!::This broke the first time I used it. It appears to be made of cheap pot metal and the welds are very poor quality. Mine broke where the screw stud comes out of the round base. The weld that holds that stud on there broke, so the stud just spins now. Totally useless, now, for my wall application.::rbtvance::1.0::June 21, 2012
R30Z57AZT1KTAJ::Ball joint insecure and irregular::I purchased the VideoSecu Universal Adjustable Camera Mounting Bracket 2-6" with T-bar Clip as recommended with a Grifiti Nootle Ipad Tripod Mount (For 2 and 3) with 1/4-20 Thread to Fit Any Standard Head You Already Use.The design quality of this mount is as low as the price, similar to the Nootle iPad Tripod Mount which also looks like a crudely fashioned high school tech class project. It can work which warrants a couple of stars in my book, but not the way you might expect.The main feature of a universal camera mount is the ball joint. This unit does not provide a secure nor easilly adjustable position for an iPad. I can't fathom using this for a ceiling mount as it purports to be useful for. And if it were to be mounted on a desk top or wall, you should not expect this to be easily adjustable. It takes a fair amount of patience and fiddling around to get the unit set the way you want.Here is what I think you might expect that this product lacks:No finished surface on the shaft nor any O-ring against which the ball would rotate if it could be tightened against one or the other. The ball may not be round as well.No compression threads on the shaft or the cylinder that contain the ball to provide an adjustable pressure on the ball, both components you would expect in a ball joint.No secure connection between the wheel you would expect to use to tighten the screw of the mount into a camera or Nootle iPad Tripod Mount. You have to tighten it by turning the shaft or the iPad mount to secure them together.Instead, the designer provides a side thumb screw that requires you to push the cylinder down on the shaft and then tighten to "lock" it in place. The plastic wheel on this mount provides no purpose except a stop for the screw.When you think you have it adjusted and secured, if you move it, it immediately becomes loose and can't even support the weight of the screw, much less an iPad. They may as well have skipped the ball joint and given you two heads, a 90 degree and a 180 degree mount. Any other position seems useless.::D. Farin::2.0::July 30, 2012
R2CNUMZAU57ECX::Pass on this::Just like everyone else have mentioned in their reviews, this universal camera mount is worthless. The build in my experience, is pretty good - that is the weight, the connecting joints and mounting bracket. Where it fails is its functionality and this is isolated to the ball head joint, the most important component in this kit. It doesn't stay put no matter how tight you screw the thumb-screw in. I purchased it as a recommended product when I purchased the Agasio M105I Outdoor Wireless Wifi Waterproof Bullet IP Camera with IR-Cut Filter, Two-way Audio, Night-Vision, Email &. Guess I'll be using the bracket that was included with the camera. From the look of the video review and a handful of other viewers, it's a hit or miss with a larger probability range in the "miss". If you are considering this joint, you're gambling your $5.00 unfavorably away.::justChill "Knowledge will be the key resource...::1.0::October 6, 2012
R2LE9ZNFGHABNW::Ozzy::This is one of the best products I have ordered, the product is well made of steel, not your cheap made brackets that come with your Chinese made cameras.. I highly recommend it..::Oscar Reyes::5.0::January 14, 2012
R617HHZP0JPSN::Junk::I guess you get what you pay for.  The ball would not lock in any position, no way no how.  A waste of any amount of money.::terry latino::1.0::October 1, 2012
R10HC15AMEOW6::Cheap inferior construction::This part broke as it was being installed which made it unusable.  The only worse mount that goes with camera is the one they include with camera purchase so if you want to mount the camera your pretty well stuck using this mount.  There may be mounts available from companies other than Foscom but I am not aware.::David E. Hartzell::1.0::December 21, 2011
R32SA41FXP8U9J::not recommended::amazing price, not so amazing quality. The price sounded too good to be true and it was.The ball head would not hold camera securely. Very hard to adjust in proper position,  and lock in place. The mount would shift when locked, making the adjustment pointless.  The ceiling clip is not correctly designed as there is no way to secure it closed except by gluing or taping it in place.Best part of it is the little 1/4-20 stud mounted on the round plate. If the ball head was better made it would have been useful.::vdtech::1.0::November 14, 2011
R1KPT5WNK4AS0K::I was never able to get the ball head to hold firm.::I first thought I was missing something but I just can't get the ball head to hold anything secure. This one I could have done without and still have not found a way to use it.::Gia Jacobs "BodyByGiGi"::1.0::July 13, 2013
R3S8G0QLTVNVPB::Ball swivel a dud::As others have mentioned the ball swivel is a major problem.  Impossible to tighten enough to hold an outdoor camera.  The flimsy Foscam factory mount worked better than this thing.::beemer::1.0::December 3, 2012
R31K7H3Y20H7WX::Junk, don't buy this::The locking mechanism doesn't work properly so the camera cannot be positioned and locked down. It looks like a basic design flaw. Don't waste your time trying to fix it or make it work.::tk::1.0::October 15, 2012
R3TQMLGQK9V0T6::Useless.::I would only get this as a last option. The mounts that come with most cameras are way better, this one is only good if you dont have any other choice.::LG::1.0::June 23, 2012
R1GY4TFYNNIFIC::Nice, But Tricky::I am using this as a ceiling mount for my Video Camera.I think I understand the problem with the adjustment that people are having.  There are two set screws, as has been mentioned by previous reviewers.  The thumbscrew - the larger set screw - is the one that should be tightened first.  Neither set screw is designed to touch the sphere.  The thumbscrew, when tightened, secures the sphere to the mount by pressing against a cone shaped base on the mount below the sphere.To make the angle adjustment secure, the thumbscrew should be tightened first.  So first make sure that the smaller allen wrench set screw (2.5mm) is sufficiently backed-off before tightening the thumbscrew.  Then tighten the thumbscrew; and finally, use the 2.5mm allen wrench to further reinforce the fit.Enjoy.  I think this is a great mount with a lot of options, and a good value.::J. Myer::5.0::May 31, 2012
R2IVZDZCK0CVFG::Flexible mount, good value::This camera mount served my needs precisely and at a low cost. The number of options for total length and the option to use or not use the ball-mount make this a very flexible solution to mounting lightweight cameras (in my case, a Logitech C615 HD webcam). Recommended.::Robert Swindell "digital man"::3.0::January 25, 2012
RO34N3XNAV5UQ::Bad Tripod Heads::Bought four (4) of them. The heads are weak... possibly defective. When I attempt to tighten the heads, the heads often refuse to stay put. Weak, weak, weak product. Very dissatisfied with the heads, in particular, not the entire mount. These are supposed to support up to a 10 pound camera. Mine weigh less than three (3) pounds and the Videosecu heads seem very untrustworthy... even with only that little weight. The fact that the mount is metal is good. The fact that the mount features modular pieces that are all connected with standard 1/4" threads is also good. But I had to buy stronger Manfrotto heads to replace the heads that came with my Videosecu mounts.::Jerry J::1.0::August 13, 2009
RCEGS64TABDO3::not well built::Broke after a couple of months just hanging on the wall. Would not recommend anyone to buy this item. thanks::heather::1.0::September 19, 2013
R1VN2G8FI79EFH::Strong Construction::If you want something built strong, this thing is a tank. Solid steel heavy components. Everything screws together to any mounting or height you want. Swivel ball mount is solid. I bought 4 at the same time to get the free shipping. Fast delivery. You can't go wrong.::D. Scampini "Dan"::5.0::July 30, 2013
R2JMHTDMRMWVXC::Keeps breaking::not very durable - we are using these for students and the ball joint keeps breaking. how are you supposed to swivel if it breaks? we order 5 and had to order more to cover the ones that keep breaking.::S. esposito::2.0::July 24, 2013
R37F9K0PK0IJKU::Outstanding product and service!::This is exactly what I needed to mount a video camera in a challenging location. The quality of all component parts is excellent. Everything fits together perfectly. The price paid for this item made it a real bargain. Delivery was within the time promised and packaging was very good. I'd buy from this supplier again in a heartbeat and heartily recommend them and their service.::John Redman::5.0::July 4, 2013
R2LKRDAI4ZTJ4C::just what I needed to attach video recorder on top of 10' tripod::Bought a Ravelli 10' tripod for height but needed to be able to mount video recorder with a downward tilt. My objective was not to spend too much on a tall tripod but the Ravelli's 1/4" was strictly 90 degrees vertical, so this inexpensive well built Videosecu was a perfect fit on top of the tripod threads and gave me the angle I needed just from the main piece alone. Worked really well for recording a weekend of volleyball tournaments. Maybe one day I'll find uses for the other pieces it came with.::ireemon::5.0::June 24, 2013
R1HOPMJVCF2UF::Highly NOT recommended::Worthless junk, don't buy this. The heads are very weak. Do not waste your time and money. Highly NOT recommended.::Aleksandr::1.0::May 23, 2013
R1S2Z4TBUNZBM6::It's not a quality mount::Nothing super special about this mount, its adjustable length is a bonus to reach outward over small obstacles, excellent for indoor or outdoor use.Any one needing a mount that differs from the mount in the box should buy this one. Worth every penny! ****UPDATE**** 3-24-13 Turns out, I was wrong about this mount. IT's a piece of trash. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!Mounted my camera 12 feet off ground. Ball mount snapped off dropping my camera to it's death.::Amazon Customer::1.0::March 16, 2013
R3R242P8C1OHVV::A Cheap Piece of Junk::I didn't expect much, but I did expect it to function. It arrived in a crushed box inside a padded envelope. Not terribly important, given that nothing inside was fragile, but still not a good sign. Then, it became apparent that the only real piece of this I wanted, the ball joint, was not functional.The thumb screw that tightens the ball joint in place is cross-threaded in the body, and cannot be completely tightened. The ball joint, therefore, is still wobbly and unstable no matter how tight you manage to get the set screw. If any weight is attached to it at all, like my iPad, it just falls over. It's a flaky design to start with, so I'm not sure it would be much better if the screw threads weren't messed up.I'd send it back for a replacement or refund, but at the price it's just not worth my time. I'll find something better locally. Save your money. This is a cheap piece of crap.::David M. Perkins "Author of: Dear Austin  A ...::1.0::February 20, 2013
R2YH1LE1263XO6::Unable to tighten ball joint::As other reviewers stated if you are needing the ball joint to make adjustments this thing is completely useless. I tried multiple times to tighten it and not matter what it will not support anything other than the arms own weight and hold a position. I am having trouble finding something low clearance (< 3.5") so am disappointed this did not work out.::Cruz::1.0::February 17, 2013
R3GFTC56JVI5L7::Uh uh::As others have pointed out, the ball-locking mechanism is poorly designed and simply does not work. A good product idea, but fatally flawed.::C. H. Patterson::1.0::January 29, 2013
R71SBTSP0V5MZ::DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM::I bought this item in spite of the negative feedback I had read about it.  I figured that I could work around the item's shortcomings.  I had to do so.I formatted this review on my screen.  It may not appear that way on yours.This mount's design concept is adequate.  It is poorly implemented.  Here is why.1)  The ball did not have a smooth surface.  This means that if it was clamped on a ridge point it could slip  down the slope on either side of the ridge into the adjacent valley.  It did so multiple times as I tried  to lock it into place.  This of course destroyed any lock of the ball that I had set.2)  The  locking mechanism relies on the thumb screw contacting a sloped portion of the shaft at 90 degrees  that allows the 360 degree rotation of the mount.  This would have worked well had two things existed in  the design and manufacture of the device.  a)  The tip of the thumb screw was flat as in the tip of a  typical bolt. It should have been round or cone shaped.  b) The flat tip of the thumb screw did NOT come  in contact with the sloped surface of the shaft.  It contacted the largest diameter of the shaft at a  point just above the sloped surface. This made it impossible for the thumb screw to lift the shaft upwards  against the bottom of the ball.  Conversely it made it impossible for the mechanism to pull the collar  downward against the top of the ball so that the bottom of the ball was clamped against the top of the  shaft.3)  I was surprised to find that the collar was not steel.4)  I was shocked to find the threads of the thumb screw stripped after heavy finger torquing while attempting  to get the locking mechanism to actually lock the ball and then hold that lock.  (see comments above for  the reasons for the failure to lock).What I did to fix the problems...1)  I abraded the surface of the ball to remove the ridge/valley irregularities in its surface.2)  I was lucky to be able to replace the thumb screw with a regular bolt. Amazed was I that the collar's  threads were intact enough to hold -- it not being steel. That says something bad about the thumb screw.3)  I carefully and with large expenditure of time and a few metal fragments in my finger tip, rounded the  tip of the replacement bolt.All told I spent about 2 hours bringing this product into a functional condition.You have been warned.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNLESS YOU HAVE THE TIME AND WILL TO DEAL WITH ITS SHORTCOMINGS!One additional note...  The workmanship present in the mount that I received was so shoddy that I am inclinedto suspect that it may be a counterfeit. I have no way to prove or support my suspicion.  I leave that to thebusiness and legal entities that should have a vested interest in that sort of thing.RodFor me to believe is insufficient for you to know.  -- rodalsa::Rodger Sanders::1.0::January 25, 2013
R2VFDOAHEI0QWK::does not work...::Looked like the perfect tool for a small project, but the ball head does not stop, no matter how much you tight the knob.::Jorge Vismara "just a human being"::1.0::January 21, 2013
R137GSKYDKTH2D::Not as shown::Not adjustable, only received half of the parts shown in the web image.No wall mount base, only one 2" shaft & item appeared to have been a returneditem that was reshipped.::Triple Point::1.0::January 13, 2013
R37LVGKZ0Y6TZZ::Does not tighten::If it worked, this would be perfectly adequate for $7. Unfortunately no matter how much I tighten the screw it still moves. I.e. the camera wobbles around all over the place. Now, I tested the item when I received it a few months ago. It seemed to be fine. But today when I go to install it, it is broken. Summary. If it works great, but don't expect it to last long.::Richard J. Mcgrath "RichardMcGrath"::1.0::January 8, 2013
RET5A7FHMJ35N::I recommend against this mount::I ordered two of these mounts. one was stripped and could not tighten to a locked position. The other did, but I do not trust the longevity.::Matt::1.0::December 11, 2012
R3T5WMNLMJQ7KJ::Swivel can't hold their own weight::Extremely disappointed in this product. This will swivel head can't even hold its own weight.  Port construction and poor quality.::Chris::1.0::November 27, 2012
R2LQXW18OXWREV::Very poor ball head construction - no tension::Purchsed 5 of these for an installation, only to find that the swivel ball heads wouldn't hold no matter how tight you make it. The cameras started to droop within minutes and couldn't get the tension to go back again after that. It was a one shot deal, as soon as they slipped they were no good after that. Very poor quality construction. Comes with lots of extensions and accessories though, so it seemed good from the picture.::disappointed::1.0::October 28, 2012
R3SHFI0FWHDQH1::Videosecu...didn't waork for me::I purchased this hoping to use it as a pocket projector (LG HW300t) ceiling mount, since my tiny projector has a tripod mount hole. first it was too short, not the products fault, but once I screwed in the projector which weights 1.7 lbs, I couldn't adjust the angle, too wobbly and could not tighten it enough to keep projector leveled, it just hung there, so I gave up on it. I can see how even for it's intended purpose it could be problematic..the bolt joint head can't be locked in place properly, poor design::Amazon Customer::3.0::April 13, 2012
R22XG4HNU546JA::Perfect for what I need::The product is exactly as seen when buying it; Solid Grip, so the camera don't move. Great so far, I buy 2 of this for my security cameras and I'm quite happy with them.::david::5.0::January 22, 2012
R3N0YVW6WB6V0O::One word....JUNK!!!::I ordered 3 of these brackets to hold my new outdoor cameras.  This item is complete junk!  They fell apart when hand-tightening!  Also, they fail to mention that you need a hex wrench to tighten the other side of the bracket!  2 of the 3 brackets are broken!  In my opinion, this is another reason why we should avoid imported junk from you-know-where!::Amazon Customer::1.0::June 13, 2012
RZ6T1UCJFCO0U::Stout All Metal Camera Mount!::I use these on some of our ATV's that have bolt thru composite racks. They work great! They hold the camera steady and don't slip. If you think your ball mount is too loose, tighten up the little allen head screw opposite of the wing bolt that secures the ball. I really like that is metal and not cheap plastic that will break due to vibration. The different length posts can be used to put the camera at just the right height. The only thing left is to figure out a bar/tube mount for these.::fishhooker::5.0::February 2, 2012
R19WOPD6OZVOJ6::Poor Construction, Not easy to set::This mount seemed promising until I tried to use it. The main problem is that it is very hard to get the camera attached to remain in the position you placed it in. To lock it down you have to push down hard on the swivel cap and quickly tighten the screw. Hopefully the tension will be enough to keep the camera from flopping down due to gravity. This causes another problem, as while you tighten the screw to hold the camera in place, if you tighten it a tad to much it strips the teeth on screw hole and makes the whole thing useless. You might get some use out of it if you are extremely careful with it, but don't do a lot of adjustment or you WILL strip the screw.::Videoguy::2.0::December 13, 2011
RXBK9UF86QXBD::Theft prone -::I bought this along with Loftek CXS3200 Wireless Camera. But I found that this assembly is all threaded type. You basically keep adding the different combination to get the right fit for the camera.But this threading is the weakest part as the camera itself can be unscrewed from the rod & taken away.So If you are looking for an outdoor mounting soln, this is not for you.Also I found that my CXS3200 has a 340degree view angle so the stand which came with camera is good enough.I hope I can get a refund on this...::Awsome S::1.0::December 15, 2011
R38P4O3TGEDHHW::Ball head doesn't hold IPad in place::Just received the VideoSecu Universal Camera Mount and I have to say I'm very disappointed due to the ball head.  The ball head is poorly designed and will not adequately hold my IPad in place, even after using an Allen Wrench to tighten it down.  If the IPad is bumped the ball head will loosen and fail to hold the proper angle.  Also, I didn't expect to have to use an Allen Wrench every time I want to take photos using the IPad on a tripod.  I regret purchasing and will be returning it ASAP.::Craig A.::1.0::September 10, 2012
R2UIBXFB87FVFM::Videosecu 2-6 Inch Adjustable Universal Pan Tilt Video Camera Mounting Bracket with Ceiling Clip 1BO::I like the mount how you can adjust it,i with it came in another color like white and the mount where you place it to a post,house you need to make it better like a screw in type to the base , Because the one no it will move on you it wouldn't stay.::Stacy::4.0::March 28, 2012
RVF4R36NLC74Y::Works great but one tip::This is a fantastic mount for the price. At first I didn't think it worked but I found that the mount needs to be pulled tight to the shaft when you tighten the wing nut. In other words there are two forces that hold it in place not just from the side of the wing nut but from the direction of the shaft as well.With the 3 shaft pieces to adjust the length this mount works very well.::SMXSteve::5.0::December 1, 2011
R35RZYT39AZHI3::used for a foscam::i bought one of those cheap barely working foscam IP camera's and used this to mount it on the metal between the drop down ceiling squares. It worked perfectly.::Eugene::5.0::June 5, 2014
R1K12QRGWEC3IH::Dropcam Outdoor Mount::I used this to install my Dropcam security camera outside.  I put the dropcam in a PVC pipe enclosure and sealed it with silicone.  I then drilled a hole in the top of the pipe holding the Dropcam and screwed in the swivel head.  I secured the connection further with some JB Weld to ensure it stays sealed.  So far, a week out, the mount is doing it's job perfectly.  The swivel has stayed in the position I locked it into with the adjusting screw.  The install was also easy, it comes with screws for the round mounting plate.  The mount is pretty solidly build from steel.::S. Shah "Hi-Fi 4 Ever"::5.0::June 3, 2014
R2QIMXYQ6W1AFX::It's Great::Not real usefull for my particular needs but I'm positive I will eventually find a way to adapt it to them.::Gerry Keffer::4.0::May 31, 2014
R1QZJ6YLJO0T89::Great camera mounts::What I like about these brackets is that you can mount the brackets any where.  Mount them on your wall or in your window frame of your home on the inside looking out. These brackets are real handy and sturdy. I feel safe counting on them to hold my camera.::robert::5.0::May 23, 2014
R1H67CZEPM3ZIQ::Works great.::I hung my small Qumi Q5 with this mount.  It works really well.  I over tightened the thumb screw on the first one and stripped it.  I got another and it has worked fine.  I just had to realize that it holds fine without trying to do a superman tightening job.  So, just don't over tighten the thumb screw and it is fine.::CaptainBasic::5.0::May 18, 2014
R2OKI9Y4HK2KVC::Works o.k.. Good value, Very versitile. This is what I used to mount the 7 inch tv monitor to the wall at a 45 degree angle.::Good value, Very versitile. This is what I used to mount the 7 inch tv monitor to the wall at a 45 degree angle.::Mr T::4.0::May 16, 2014
RU9PWWHDG85Y6::Junkkkkkkk::Junk just junk don't waste anymore time, just exit and go buy a nice expensive fluid head or take one of an old tripod::ohnny::1.0::May 12, 2014
R1CMTFOCV4EXVT::Security camera base::Use these to mount outside security cameras.  Give a lot more adjustment than the standard base they came with.  The extra length addon arms get the cameras right where you want them.  So far they hold up well to the weather, but I did buy stainless steel screws to mount the bases to the wall so I don't end up with rust streaks in a month.::ManicBobo "Manic"::5.0::May 8, 2014
R3GTN81KK613P7::Works Great::Been using this for about 6 months now and seems to work very well.  Attached it directly to the wall and the camera is tipped way down and doesn't slip or move when it isn't supposed to.  would certainly buy again.::Nathan1342::5.0::May 6, 2014
R1OS8R40OVV8NE::Sweet::Was a bit nervous this wouldn't fit an older cameras, but worked out great very easy to install did the job very well.::Patrick::5.0::April 26, 2014
RJ2NSEVEJIYYN::Durable video camera mount::This is a very durable video camera mount made of very strong metal. It is easily assembled and installed for use.::Phasr "phasr"::5.0::April 25, 2014
RL303JQ02W1B::about this tool is ok::The design quality of this mount is as low as the price and i like this tool for my cam::Jehad Twati::5.0::April 24, 2014
R2ZVC435IXV8EJ::Great mini::If you want a super low tripod then mount this to a piece of half inch plywood.  It has three height adjusting parts so you can choose a pretty versatile shot.  I use it with my iPad and I love it.::Jamie::5.0::April 18, 2014
RN00TSWXFIH9F::Solid item, will buy another when needed.::I bought this ti use as a mount for a home made security camera and I was not expecting such a solid item for this price. IT is solid metal and hold together well. I have not tested it in the inclosed but outdoors environment I wanted it for but indoors it works flawlessly,::Michael Piovane::5.0::March 31, 2014
R2LMJCH4FU1G1H::Works as an Xbox One Kinect Mount::For everyone wanting a cheaper wall mount for the xbox one Kinect, this works! I have it holding up the beast above my TV as I type this.The adjust ability is exceptional, and the distance from the wall is pretty adjustable as well.My only complaint, is that once you get the kinect mounted and facing up, I had to put a couple of drops of super glue on the ball to keep from tilting left to right (on the horizontal), but hey .... its made for a camera .... so stop complaining. Even comes with screws and anchors::R. LaPlant::5.0::March 28, 2014
RQ6PPPIOEGLVK::Waste of my money::I really thought I needed this to mount my Foscam camera and it was way overkill. More then I needed and I really didn't need all this.  I cannot necessarily recommend it as I think you could find something much less expensive in the hardware store to mount your camera.::Mike Callery::1.0::March 24, 2014
R173I5D0W8CCNC::GREAT WALL MOUNTS::PERFECT SIZE,WELL BUILT DIFFERENT LENGTH EXTENDERS.I USE THEM FOR CCTV CAMERAS TO MONITOR INSIDE THE HOUSE.VERY VERSATILE KIT.NO CONS I CAN THINK OFF::FRED CONTRERAS::5.0::March 21, 2014
R2TBOA8R3TN89X::Low strength. Failed in deployment.::Nothing worse than installing this, only to find your camera hanging from the wiring. Center Bolt to camera snapped clean in 2. Normal use conditions.::Linux Shopper::1.0::March 13, 2014
R1ZJDBVRMW21IF::You get what you pay for::Got this hoping that it wouldn't be as bad as I had heard. The ball joint is really insecure so anything sitting on it tends to just move on its own. Not recommended for anything that weighs more than half a pound. It's cheap and cheaply made.::Blane N.::1.0::March 12, 2014
R2GFYNRRVRYVX1::It's nice to install foscam outdoors for security monitoring.::It is a easy way to use these for a DIY security system. they work very well with foscam cameras.::june::5.0::March 7, 2014
RQ879BXAUFY4A::camera mount::this product was exactly what i ordered and is perfect for my camera mounting purpose. i would recommend to a friend::john richardson::4.0::February 27, 2014
R1ZDSXFJ9Z8HJ7::usless::don't buy this no need for it at allvery short what's the point of all this small parts you can put any camera upside down or any how without this::bss kuwait::1.0::February 22, 2014
RBJL91G3UDZTL::Mikeisfly::I ordered this to hold up my Kinect 2 sensor under my TV. This worked perfectly and have had no issues what so ever. Thanks.::Michael Gates::5.0::February 18, 2014
RKO9529KGG2TF::A good buy::Haven't installed it yet. Should allow camera install anywhere.  Looks great for the price.  A little hard to believe original listed "price".::Bill Doolittle::4.0::February 18, 2014
R1AIIYXPMDHBBZ::Good mount::It does the job,I mean there isn't much to say about a simple mount but it fit my needs well.::Howard D. Matthews "Dean"::3.0::February 15, 2014
R1B6K8R49ZK63X::This is simply a great attachment for many items and serves many purposes for a tripod.::I'd like to explain that this item makes my camera very adjustable on my tripod, much more so then without this extremely reasonable swivel mount.  If you buy this, you won't be sorry.::Stavros "Woma"::5.0::February 15, 2014
R379HYWTVBTY4G::Good product::I am not using it for the Practical use. so as a security mount i don't know if it is good. but as a pivoting unit.::Joshua Quarrell::5.0::February 13, 2014
R27ZZT70SEG540::turned out that I did not need it as purchased::but it is a standard camera and microphone mount, it is well built, easy to mount, and handy for all sorts of purposes::Henry Kipp::4.0::February 12, 2014
R2T8GPMKQMQWUA::VideoSecu 1/4" x 20 Threads Swivel Security Camera Mount 2-6 Inch...::I'm kind of sorry that i ordered this as I ended up using the mount that came with my foscam camera ... however, i still gave this a 5 star simply because it seems like a good product and it's not the company's fault that i chose to use another mount. However, please be warned that i also bought a white mount from this company but amazon allowed me to return it because it wan't actually white ... it was an awful beige (off-white) color.::Sandy S "Sandy S"::5.0::February 8, 2014
R3UMVNZKZS4Y8C::VideoSecu 1/4" x 20 Threads Swivel Security Camera Mount 2-6 Inch...::I bought this base on the price. it is a simple install and dont have any issue whatsoever. Love it.::PM::5.0::February 2, 2014
R1HAT5MAO4OMFD::It does everything it is supposed to::It works, it is what it says it is. Sturdy enough to hold a camera, many different mounting options. Not much else to say.::Bobbo The Great::5.0::January 21, 2014
R2L82CL690ZEZC::Its ok.::I purchased this to mount my lilluput monitor to my camera rig. The main reason I got this over other options was because of the pivoting ball head, everything else was just a bonus. For what I needed it for the only things in here that were useful were the extenders and the ball head. The x wing attachment broke in about 5 min, the screw mount on it came apart from the x bracket with just a little pressure. I dont know how this could be $39 for list price but for the $6 something its being sold as it a pretty decent deal. The ball head is pretty straight forward but still has its issues. You have to make sure you tighten it pretty good other wise itll droop. I probably wouldn't buy this again but for the initial investment at what it costs it has more than earned its keep.::Mike::3.0::January 2, 2014
R1379XLE59FXCF::Cheap piece made of poor quality metal::The key component is the ball and set screw (top right in photo) that mounts to the Ipad holder.  It stripped out almost immediately because the poor quality metal.  This means that you can't set the angle.. which makes the whole thing almost useless.  Find something that is of higher quality.  This item is a disappointment.::Jesse Souligny "jazzman"::1.0::December 23, 2013
R85DXKHTQ4LPR::Works and looks great.::Exactly as advertised and works flawlessly great, easy installation. Everything looks professionally installed now. What should I add next ....::blainebassett::5.0::December 18, 2013
RDPKLF3KTEOUD::VideoSecu Security Camera Mount::Excellent product. I'm surprised that Foscam doesn't use this in their packaging. The mount that came with the camera was very limited and I had to mount the camera on its side. This mount will let you mount in any position. Easy to set up, if you have a hammer drill and appropriate bits, or liquid nails.::Larry Nygaard::5.0::December 16, 2013
R1EO71KUJA4LAM::Good Deal.....::These are a  Good  Deal. They work great on my Defender security cameras. The cameras I have are very old,dont worry they are great.::kerk::5.0::December 13, 2013
R1HXOBXQ0PEBOE::Piece of junk not worth it even if it were free!!!!!!::What a piece of junk.  At the same times as I bought a Sonos Play 1 I also bought the VideoSecu to mount my new speaker.  Now I know why there is such a drastic price reduction, 83% from 32.96 to 6.99.  Even at that price it's a rip off.  I mounted the VideoSecu, as best I could being there were no directions.  No matter how tightly a tighten the locking screw the mount would not stay in place.  Eventually I used a wedge to keep the speaker in place.  If I hadn't mounted it to the wall and it hadn't been so cheap I would have asked for a full refund but for 6.99 it's not worth it.  Go somewhere else, don't buy this product.::R Jacobs::1.0::December 10, 2013
R2BLVVPBTN8PAY::No value when camera was returned::I bought this for the camera.  However, after reviewing the camera, they only support if you bought directly from them.. If not you have to pay for support.  Due to the difficulty trying to get the product to work, it was returned.  Now I have the mount of no further value::Mark T::2.0::December 8, 2013
R2RZ6I7JOOEFLJ::Well Made. Simple product that just delivers.::This product is well made and easy to put together.Bottom line: Good value for the price.I love a simple product that just delivers.::Devin::5.0::December 6, 2013
REOM3IQVJA4KY::Pizza oven radius tool.::I used this to make a radius tool used for building a pizza oven.  I was perfect and lasted a long time.::Jon Huggins::5.0::December 5, 2013
R3ENEKGI944UHA::Does the job but a little flimsy.::It is what it says. It's a -very- flexible mounting system for cameras or anything that has a camera style mount. It works well and is pretty solid for a fixed installation that is out of reach of tamperers.I've used several of these and they work best in set-and-forget situations. If you are going to be adjusting it often or if there are high wind or weight loads the rotator socket thingie will strip. This is easily rectified by buying a higher quality one designed for photography.::The Bungler::4.0::December 1, 2013
R2K6NJ4AFO4AWK::A good kit for the price and beats fabricating your own mounting hardware.::I used this product to mount a Foscam indoor camera inside a 7" Outdoor Dome Enclosure for outdoor use. You'll need it otherwise you will have to fabricate your own mounting hardware. For the price it's worth getting and made mounting the camera reasonable easy. It's is a universal kit meant to provide lots of mounting options so I did not use all the parts for my application.::Steven L. Fletcher "slfletcher"::4.0::November 25, 2013
R2JVW4DZHMD9O1::Good stuff,.::for the price, I can't argue with the ball mount. I use this in conjunction with a monopod and a laser distometer to judge distances from floor to truss height. It's a shame I waste the other things in it...::John D.::4.0::November 19, 2013
R1HIED5BBC1OWF::Buyer Beware::It is a terrible design that fails to properly secure the camera in a fixed position. I suggested to the factory that they make a small and simple modification but they ignored my plea.::Robert F.::1.0::November 7, 2013
RV9G9QEM7QVLN::Poorly made, but cheap::This is a rather cheaply built camera mount, though it would probably work for a light camera or sensor. It does not work well with other camera mounting gear, though it does use standard 1/4" 20 threading. The threading on the female connectors does not start at the opening, so it will not link well. The adjustable head is either completely tight or extremely loose, so it can be hard to adjust. For the price this is not unreasonable, but it pays to consider alternatives.::Kaleberg "one_kaleberg"::2.0::November 2, 2013
R1MOULI4EQP08M::Easy to use::This item allows you to mount your cam in the best possible place. It comes with all the items you need.::Bob Dillard::5.0::October 30, 2013
R1ZW2LCJRGBI45::Just as advertised::I bought this so I could mount a webcam to the wall for video conferencing meetings (the webcam is a logitech HD pro C920). It worked like a charm - mounting it to the wall was easy, there are various lengths you can use depending on how far you want it to come out, and the threads were apparently the same as standard tripod threats, so it worked just as I intended it to.::archfubar::5.0::October 25, 2013
R3SKZG1AVMN7V::Nice!::I have no idea what the little mount on the lower left is for, looks like it's made to grab something, but I just tossed it, but the rest of the mount is great!  You can adjust the length of the tube to move your camera out a bit, but not for a heavy camera.::T. Arnall "Terry Arnall"::5.0::October 19, 2013
RSK7N0992ZGLT::Fantastic!::Received product as per description, would recommend to everyone! fast trackable shipping... Looked everwhere for this item so I was pleased that they had it available. Thanks again::Mike::5.0::October 18, 2013
R21TEIH8DAE96P::VideoSecu 1/4" x 20 Threads Swivel Security Camera Mount 2-6 Inch...::This makes the installation flexible and is good for indoor or outdoor cameras.  Installed it on top of my patio and needed to look over about five inches to see out.  It started raining and then I realized I didn't have the proper camera but this device was great.::Roland E. Latiolais "Latitude"::4.0::October 17, 2013
R6MYBHJV7J9RV::love it::works as  expected and  set up  was easy.  Will use to monitor elderly parent in nursing home for added family patient advocacy::dohicky::5.0::October 8, 2013
R1ROSK898C0CL1::Basic, but it works............::I just need something that was BASIC, to do the job I needed and this worked for me. Considering the price I didn't expect much, but it was better than I expected. I am using it to mount a small security box camera in a house window and I just needed to set it up once, forget it and it was easy due to the various parts included in this kit. If you need something that you will be changing often, then I think you better forget this and spend more bucks and get something better. Bottom line is I'm happy with this kit!::Rl Shuey::5.0::September 22, 2013
R1LYRMYJT6XNSN::great!::I love this kit because it has everything you need to make your own custom mounts with the swivel head and various extensions!::Pat::5.0::September 14, 2013
RSQ26OSVCI5HS::works::works as it should....screws provided r very cheap....held together well tho...def needed 4 any outside cam system.....would buy again thanks::andrew hook::4.0::September 12, 2013
R2E58IXYYIIM84::Works good for the $$::I use these to hang security cameras where a typical bracket does not fit or I need an extra inch or two of drop to clear a plant etc.They are a bit low budget, but work.::CodeMonkey::4.0::September 10, 2013
R3UTC0CS57GWXD::Camera mount::Hey boarded for my camera so that I could have a surveillance camera put up in my hallway in front of my front door so that I can see who comes in and out my door when I'm not home::Ralphy007 "Rafael D Ortiz"::3.0::September 9, 2013
ROV2815S6Q53G::Great mount.::Very sturdy and easy setup to get the camera where you want it.  Can be mounted almost anywhere.  Better that any others we reviewed.::Larry B. Walker::5.0::September 4, 2013
R3PNNMECLY3EV4::loose and floppy::I purchase this mount adapter to use between my tripod and IPad mount/ case. This adapter requires 3/8" deep threaded holes and bolts.  The threaded hole for the tripod bolt is very recessed, allowing a only a couple of turns of the tripod bolt that is 3/16" long.  Also most cameras and mounts utilize the tripods pin the assist the 3/16" bolt by preventing the mount from twisting. The device only has the bolt connection on its narrow cylinder base. Also the bolt to the IPad holder is too long, since the back of the IPad mount is shallow.  These issues make the setup loose and floppy.  I plan to visit the hardware store and get rubber washers and non recessed extensions.  If they have a 90% fitting, I will return this device.If I use this device I will also make and use a safety strap of fishing line to the tripod.::Ryan::2.0::September 2, 2013
R1FAGX3XKU6H7O::Good product for drop ceiling mount::Did exactly what I expected.  However, I ordered two in black and received one white and one black.  Didn't notice it until I went to install it and it was already past the 30 day return policy.  Now I have one in white I don't need and have to order another in black.::Thomas S. Magg "tomanator"::4.0::August 18, 2013
R3KGESCDSWV8RT::Very versatile, outstanding price/performance::Used several of these sets to construct custom camera stands/mounts.Only downside is the swivel head - it could be a little more sturdy. But considering the price, not really a serious complaint.::o.h.::4.0::August 16, 2013
R26QVOJI30LIC3::Versateli::Good quality materials. All screws included. Can also be used for different types of cameras, microphones and sniffers. Make sure you really need this accessories since lots of cameras have there own mounting kit as well.::Michael::3.0::August 16, 2013
RFQBSZZ4A9A6P::A complete set of hardware components, well designed.::I was pleased with the Videosecu kit; it has solved my tripod mount problems and I am using EACH component in several different applications for mounting my iPad and my GoPro cameras.::Jim::5.0::August 12, 2013
RRQPIZHAG9445::Good buy.::Purchased three pieces together which works perfectly for recording my daughter's volleyball games.  Very pleased.Grifiti Nootle Ipad Tripod Mount (For 2, 3, and 4) with 1/4-20 Thread to Fit Any Standard Head You Already UseVista Explorer 60-Inch Lightweight Tripod with Tripod BagVideosecu 1/4" x 20 Threads Swivel Video Camera Mount 2-6 Inch Adjustable Universal Pan Tilt CCTV Camera Mounting Bracket with Ceiling Clip 1BO::Lydia M Ciprian::5.0::August 10, 2013
R1IDM51TDEA8AY::Standard camera mounts.::Solid mounts, made of metal.  Swivel points are smooth, and mounting hardware is solid. Good quality and inexpensive, definitely a good investment to keep your cameras safely mounted.::DKS::5.0::July 29, 2013
RFI3HXFI85KHK::works as advertised::There isn't anything negative that I can say for this item. It suited my intended purpose and will continue to do so for a long time.::Peter Boyet::5.0::July 24, 2013
R3K17GOJ2YKRJJ::Looks good but the locking mechanism is Cheap!::Looks good but the locking mechanism is Cheap and won't support a medium to heavy Camera very well. It won't lock in the positions I need! I would not recommend this unit for larger cameras...::Mark A. Farparan::3.0::July 13, 2013
R1I7XL49PJY015::Fits, works, nuff said::I had one outdoor camera that was hard to tilt exactly where I wanted it to point.  This mount works perfectly, lots of pointing options to get it just right.  Everything came with it, even the screws.::SteelJan::4.0::July 2, 2013
R1C2AH41HOB378::It worked exactly as it should::I know it seems silly that you would need this to attach an ipad mount to your tripod, and that they wouldn't just include this in the packaging for this product : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007EICZTU/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_img_sol_0Ultimately though, when you buy these two products separately you are able to mount your iPad onto a tripod for much less than other systems that include everything in one package.::L. Ram "grafix bike guy"::5.0::June 22, 2013
R252B0MJEL97V4::Swivel video mount::Arrived in just 3 days, much sooner than expected. Mount is small and of light duty. But I will use it on a DSL camera mount I've made for micro photographing gemstones and it's perfect for my needs.::Hungry::5.0::June 15, 2013
RUUV12G0FUXDZ::Just what the iPad mount ordered::I thought this product did an excellent job and worked will with my Tripod and iPad mounting kit. All the fits were tight and smooth. The various connection options provided excellent mounting flexibility. A good buy.::Peter C Mitton::4.0::June 14, 2013
RQ0JNH111NWRR::Low quality ball mount::This mount kit should work fine if you have a light camera and won't need to move it often.I have a Countour helmet camera I was trying to mount to a hexacopter and the ball mount wouldn't hold the camera in place.  I could see the issue when I pulled the thumb screw out, the screw didn't come in much contact with the ball, mostly just the shaft.  Oh well, it isn't that expensive, just something to keep in mind if you have a larger camera to mount or plan on changing the angle very often.::Keegan B. Connell::3.0::June 10, 2013
R36K54EWWS2GVT::okay::While the item seems okay in general, there are parts that I do not understand what to do with because there are NO instructions.::Michael T.::3.0::June 8, 2013
RAEZVZ428QGS9::Great to Hold Mty ipad2::You can use this to connect your ipad to a tripod if you use your ipad as your Camera's viewing screen.::Anthony R. Marino::5.0::June 3, 2013
R2PUX185T4G8US::Works as Expected::Bought this for a small projector at work.Fits in a standard camera mount hole, and even hooks into a drop ceiling.The drop ceiling mount is a little...precarious though as you have to twist the mount to tighten it in the same motion people would make if they went and grabbed the projector to adjust it.Holds on just fine though, I just put a note on the projector warning people not to nudge it around.::Erik M. Granlund::4.0::June 1, 2013
R28G35L1G4PGOW::Mounting OK::Needed to mount some security cameras and have the flexibility for pointing.  Saw some mounts at store, but they were plastic and not well made.  Would probably break.  These are metal and the center rod is three pieces, and will provide the ability for easy adjustment.  When used they are VERY sturdy.::tada::5.0::May 26, 2013
R2DO5J17RUDNBI::dosent fit::cant fit it on my standart size stand. will use it for on the wall hanging for camaras. to bad::Andreas Born::1.0::May 21, 2013
R34URDZ3FUVWN5::Great value!::Sturdy, quality product for the price.  I was a little disappointed the item didn't clip well to my drop ceiling's grid rails.  I had to zip tie it to make sure it wouldn't fall off.::amchbk::4.0::May 13, 2013
RYI7IUCCBEV20::Swivel Mount::It is eactly what I needed to have our cameras seeted properly.  Has the adjustment available in a quick and easy manner.::John W. Murray::5.0::May 11, 2013
R2F8A7SZC6QJPM::??????????::I couldn't figure out how to use this, so it's sitting in a drawer. Maybe I'm simple minded, but directions would have been useful.::Kathryn Alexander ", CEO Ethical Impact L3C"::1.0::May 4, 2013
R269NQ021QPMWH::Works great!::I bought a security camera set for my home and one of the mounting plates was missing. I bought this as a replacement and it works great! It has several pieces so you can specially fit it to almost any place you want to put your security camera. If you are thinking of buying this I would suggest measuring the swivel hole on your camera and making sure it is 1/4 inch and will fit this stand.::Deborah K. Dobbins "~Triple D~"::5.0::April 24, 2013
R3C0HQ6XAUVX03::Handy item::This was a handy item to add a bit of flexibility to my camera placement.  I would recommend at least one if you are getting several cameras to give you more options.  Price certainly is not objectionable.::Rodney A Hauck::4.0::April 23, 2013
R6JZC3Y28AQRW::Sturdy, Quality, adjustable brackets::I bought these for the FOSCAM 8910W. They are substantially better than the mounting brackets shipped with the cameras. These have a sturdy, solid, metal construction. They get the job done. I'll be using these for any future installs. Great product::Amanda::5.0::April 22, 2013
R1OOBKLKP5XY3V::Product worked fine::The mount we received worked fine to hang on the wall.  I wish the camera installation was as easy as this.::Breanne Benson::5.0::April 22, 2013
R1561D2M0NSK7B::Mounts::I purchased these to go with the cameras that I had also recently purchased. Mounts are OK but not anything I would call special. Does give you a way to mount outdoor or indoor cameras and fairly easy to install.::James R Lane::3.0::April 20, 2013
RTDSDWBPCHXNN::GIGI::purchase this for my Foscam FI8910W Pan & Tilt IP/Network Camera with Two-Way Audio equipment for my home and would recommend this for anyone who wants to buy this.::GiGi & Michael::5.0::April 19, 2013
R1W4YQVI9V5DLQ::Works::It works.  Use it to hang a couple ip cams.  Set and forget.  I don't know if it would handle anything of significant weight, but for a ip cam it's perfect.::S. Hovey::5.0::April 18, 2013
R2JFG53JKIHCLV::Great Product::After purchase this unit, I have the flexibility to movified the mount from 2-6 inches. you may need to tied to connector.::Victor Gramillo::5.0::April 18, 2013
R1WHFX82TIB72F::Very useful.::Love the way that little gadget on the bottom left just latches on to the ceiling tile frame in seconds.::Donald K. Phelps::5.0::April 10, 2013
RPJVVJ57DI7GR::I got this to extend...::... the mount on a 1/4" suction-cup windshield mount that I purchased on Amazon.It works great for my application and I have parts left over to use for the intended wall or drop-ceiling mount.Good quality and great price!Note: If you search you will find that it also comes in white.::IamAPrimeUser-AMA::5.0::April 9, 2013
R130V84JI3P4N8::Not good for larger sized cameras, like the Foscam FI8905::I can say that the whole product is great if you want something to mount a very light weight indoor camera, but if you wish to use for a outdoor camera, forget it.  I ended up just tossing it in the trash, after trying to keep the Foscam FI8905W outdoor IP camera that I got it for, and ended up breaking not on the threaded end on the ball at the end, but also the thumb screw to hold the ball for the camera mount.::Greg Zoll::1.0::April 8, 2013
R398D4S9ILYS2D::Ball joint is crap.::I bought this item for the extensions only. So for me it is fine. The ball joint however for the rest of you is piece of junk. It doesn't work at all!!::msholn::2.0::April 4, 2013
R287E9GUN5YBIS::Good Camera Mount::Good quality and worked perfectly to replace the shorter mount that the camera came with. It had several different options in configuring the length of the mount.::Jeff Morales::5.0::April 2, 2013
R1SMLBEPBUMBFR::Medium duty mounts - work great::I used these to mount a camera under an eave and found them to hold very well.  No shaking in wind and rain, and easy to install.::RobHiker::5.0::March 28, 2013
R3E2LZZN06RMFG::Loose when trying to tighten::less pieces and better connections. Pain to get them to lock down. Always get loose when you are trying to tighten::M. Swartz::3.0::March 23, 2013
R34JOJKHVF208G::Using for IPad in HPE::I purchased this to back up my IPad tripod mount but so far haven't needed to use it.  The mount on the holder has been strong thus far.  This looks very sturdy but hope I won't have to use it.::Stanley J. Cramer::4.0::March 20, 2013
R2GI0SLLVF3TKQ::Sturdy Product!::I was very pleased with the construction of this product.  Would prefer a US made product but where do you find them.::OldSchool IT::4.0::March 20, 2013
R27JK8KCWKOR2I::Product was okay..::The price is very low, but the metal is not very strong. So it's okay for cameras that don't weigh too much. But you have to be careful to not tweak the metal. I twisted tightening screw/tab too tight and it broke off. I bought 3 of these. I managed to get 2 out of the 3 to work.::seapea::3.0::March 14, 2013
R26SG61TPTX5BN::Outstanding!::These mounts work well at keeping the cameras securely fitted to the walls. I use them with the Foscam F18905W Outdoor IP Cameras.::Aaron::5.0::March 11, 2013
RH0VH6NFSAJKT::Very simply - junk::I read all the reviews before buying. Should have used better judgement. Bad design. Poor quality.Returned. Do not think your going to get one that works. I bought 3 and all were horrible. Yes horrible.::Zeighty::1.0::March 10, 2013
R33BJLUX9UCSW9::not expensive::A  360 degree ball nut doen't tight enough to hold a possition , Foscam FI8918W  is not hold on that::Amazon Lover::3.0::February 27, 2013
R28ALZ09BL9W2::Many different options::These worked great for all the cameras I installed. There were many different options. Make sure to a mock fitting for each camera location to make sure you've got the right mounting setup.::Jared::5.0::February 19, 2013
R2K1REHWMY9965::Does not fit my Tripod::Not sure how that adjusting sizer works to get it to go onto my standard tripod. I bought this with the Grifiti Nootle iPad Tripod Mount because a reviewer there said that I should get this with that. Boy was he wrong.Don't get me wrong, I think this product itself, for where it can be used, is probably great for that. Maybe not. Hence 3 stars, because it was useless to me, but might not be for others.::Mark Spritzler::3.0::February 18, 2013
RIVIWNG4VCTQX::Cheap but workable camera mount::Cheap parts but item does work. Don't expect it to last too long outside or under heave use. Would not buy again.::Charlie::3.0::February 12, 2013
RE70AB8JFT5HI::Great little mount::This is a great little device for mounting webcams.  It is very adjustable and well worth twice the price.  Would recommend product and supplier.::C. J. West "LowUFO"::5.0::February 7, 2013
R1FUGV31BTLMI2::Nice::The only thing was that it Takes a bit to figure out the angle mecinizim but when you get it you Got it...::Jason::5.0::February 1, 2013
R39BBCF0SEVYK0::Works great::I bought this to mount my Foscam FI8910W outdoors.  Installation was quick and easy.  The camera swivels without any problems.::David Baur::5.0::January 19, 2013
R26B2VDK2VQ6Y4::Well made, but ball head is finicky.::All the components are made from heavy metal and fit together well.The ball head, however, is very finicky. At 0 and 45 degrees, the mount can be tightened and will retain its position pretty well. At any other angle, though, you really have to tighten the screw. I'm afraid the thumbscrew will break off or threads will be stripped.The reality is that just being able to secure a camera at the 0 or 45 degree position, that is vertically and sideways, should handle most needs quite nicely.Jerry::Jerry Saperstein::3.0::January 4, 2013
R2FYDGW7BHWH15::Used it for my Foscam Cameras::My indoor foscam cameras come with a plastic mount that has only a few mounting configurations.This gizmo is made out of metal so it would do better outdoors than the plastic I think.Second with all the adapters it comes with it has many mounting configurations.::ekazanova "Kev"::4.0::December 31, 2012
R2KMD9BDJBULGK::issues with quality::Found a issue with a head that does not lock out properly on one of the two I bought.  After checking it out and re-assembling it (very simple in design), it still did not work.  the hassles of mailing something small and with low value makes this not worth it.::mdc::2.0::December 31, 2012
R36DTTE45L8TMQ::Camera mount::Mounts with camera, didnt use it to much since the camera was neverready to be mounted. It would have worked for what we needed it for.::Lorie Robbins::3.0::December 31, 2012
R2Q96RUZZNQG30::Workds::I like that my camera is not better ajustable. It does what it is supposed to do and I couldn't be happier.::William::5.0::December 17, 2012
R3VKBVRR4NJYFV::Swivel video camera mount::Good mount for web cam style cameras. East install with good camera positions adjustments. Well built with metal not cheap plastic and for the price it's a great buy.::Djgrog::5.0::December 17, 2012
R3J3UOU8ELI625::You get what you pay for::True this is a cheap product but it's a cheap price also. I knew from the reviews that it wasn't too good. Then why buy it you ask? Well I have a machine, welding and fabrication shop and thought I could fix the little problems easier than make one from scratch. It seems pretty good for the price. The ball socket does suck but it only took a couple of minutes to fix right. Also I had to put the shafts in the lathe because the threads were to far up inside for the tripod screw to reach. We'll see how it holds up. In closing I'd say unless you have a shop or are a handy man and can fix some issues or just want it to work out of the box then I would not buy this. For me it was fine and is doing what I need.Maybe the company selling these needs to call me and I can start making them a high quality MADE IN THE USA product to sell. Then they would have 5 star ratings and no issues. I think most of you would pay $10 or $12 for this if it was good quality and worked perfect wouldn't you? You need to let the companies know that cheap is OK to a point.::Brett::3.0::December 7, 2012
R2664YBIM4CWRS::Videosecu Swivel Mount in 2 to 6 inch length.::I bought this unit as it was recommended by Amazon when I was buying a tripod mount for my iPad.I'm glad I did to, it really helped with needed adjustability with my tripod and iPad for photos/videos with the iPad. Well worth it in my opinion! And a great price too.::JOSEPH "Joseph Brown"::4.0::November 26, 2012
R1VU56VOJHS55D::Make sure you really need these::I ordered many of these as suggested with Foscam cameras.  Turns out the cams came with their own mounts and Amazon should not have suggested to buy these to me AND should have listed that those cameras came with mounts.  These mounts are a little better than the included ones but not much and I found that 1 out of 3 screws didn't have a fully imprinted screw heads which means there was no way to screw them in through the mount in to a base and you'd have to improvise with your own screws to install the mount.  In the Foscam case you can not simply use their screws with this mount because they are too small for the mount's holes.::JCR::2.0::November 4, 2012
R1R061JREC6JX3::Good quality::Turns out I didn't need this kit for my Foscam but I can say that it is of good quality. Seems sturdy Nd I will probably use this to install a camera outside under my eve.::M. Cotten::4.0::October 30, 2012
RMRLPWGD3K9PK::Great piece of mounting hardware at a great price!!!::This is a very solid and well built mount, Offers alot of options for your cctv and more. At the price I would expect cheap and flimsy. Its heavy and I see no problem with the camera moving if you know what your doing. Great deal and beats the original mount and others I've tried, very happy (Used with agasio a603w).::Jeff S.::5.0::June 4, 2012
R2X1OOFF9GQ9VN::Great Multipurpose Mounting Device for Scientific Projects::Short Answer:I purchased one of these to see if I could use it to mount a laser pen in a project box.This turned out to be a very lucky purchase.  Looking at other "360 degree omnidirectional universal mounting brackets", I thought I was going to have to spend a lot of money to mount a few of these lasers.  It turns out, this little $8.00 bracket is precisely what I need.  With a little ingenuity, I imagine it could be used to mount all sorts of project items.  So I ordered more of them to mount the rest of the lasers.Detailed Answer:IncludesRound Base (free standing or wall mountable) - 2 3/8 inch diameter, sturdy metal, magnetic*, 3 screw holes."X-Clip" (easy mounting on drop-ceiling) - About 2 inch span, light-gauge metal, magnetic*.Omnidirectional Head - (screws into either of the two mounts listed above) - pose-able in almost any direction, easy thumb-twist setscrew, solid construction, feels like it could support up to a couple pounds quite easily.1" shaft (inline extension) - very solid, heavy metal, highly magnetic*, screws right in line between head and either base to add length to the mounting aperture2" shaft (inline extension) x 2 - just like the 1" shaft above, comes with two of them*magnetic* - does not have its own magnetic field, but magnets will stick to it quite strongly.Using either rubber bands or electrical tape, I was able to secure the laser pen to the mounting head quite easily, quickly, and solidly.  Using strong magnets, I was able to secure the mount inside the project box without using screws - the magnets I used (neodymium, from inside an old hard drive) were able hold the mount in place, right through the side of the box.  When the project was finished, I secured the mount in place with short machine screws.I can mount a thousand things with this bracket!  Excellent $8 mounting solution for your scientific project.::Clown_Royal "clown_royal"::5.0::May 26, 2012
RVU4YJ2067V25::Good accessories::Excellent for their overall Construction/Price and the diversification of positioning. They will respond basically to any location you need to install a camera.::R.D.::4.0::July 13, 2011
R29DXLIOWO6WWY::it does the job, but it came broken::the cheap ballhead didn't lock, no matter how hard the tighten the screw. I got a defective ballhead mount.  Didn't want to spend the money to send it back (purchase was under $5).  Luckily, I had an extra mini tripod ballhead and used it instead.  I like the option to change the height of the camera mount.::Dee::3.0::March 18, 2011
R1K1SMVVM1QYA7::good controls for hand-tightening::This mount is particularly good, compared to other mounts, because the two screw-tightening mechanisms (the circular one on the camera mount, and the butterfly-like one on the swivel) are large and very easy on the hands, making it easy to tighten things.::T. Thompson::5.0::July 20, 2010
R2S1XWMSURCE57::Camera mount::I decided not to use since I have not permanently mounted my camera yet. Parts appear to by on the low quality side and a bit flimsy. May use some on the prices later. Wasted my money.::kenneth black::3.0::October 5, 2013
R2F1FFU9UCEK36::video camera mount for Ipad::This was a complete waste of money. I never use it.  It's very wobbly, hard to get straight, and cumbersome to assemble.::NWR::1.0::July 17, 2013
R2VQGTU2DMJVPY::Quality is not good, but does the job::I have this mounted on my filing cabinet so I can record daily videos that I put on YouTube. It does the job, but the build quality is close to terrible.::IA::3.0::August 13, 2010
R3VRWJ4M7UXRDI::Good product, but it's unnecessary::This is a good product ... Solid metal construction.  Relatively easy to install, but in the box, Foscam has provided a wall/ceiling installation kit.::huejass::2.0::November 22, 2011
R32WLO57WJBEVL::camera mount::very good quality product for the price....works very well and is easy to install.  very similar to professional models too.::Michael A. Mason "mike35z"::5.0::December 31, 2013
R1WW2PMQDD0X8P::Great adaptors for a great price!::Nothing really high-tech about these, just that it's great to find useful products like this at such a fair price.  Just to be able to get the scissor adaptors without having to pay $12, is great.::Craig S. Burnett "On-Camera Talent and Video ...::5.0::October 27, 2013
RC2BUJ81UXT4Z::This is not a fair review::At the suggestion of Amazon I added this mounting set to my IPAD case that I purchased in order to be able to use my ipad with a tripod.  I expected that this set would somehow contribute to the versatility of mounting, or make it easier.  I was wrong.  This set seems perfect for mounting a fixed camera to a suspended ceiling, I just don't need to do that.::H. T. Monks "Terrell"::3.0::August 1, 2013
R20S2AC4S4JYQ0::ok::The mounts aren't the best quality. They work but there are better options available or even make your own. jghjghg::PimPy "Nickf720"::3.0::July 24, 2013
R2WEU88GCQGQG6::good counting::works good with camera and lets you angle camera and see what's gong on in your yard or wherever. thanks::Wyobabyface::4.0::July 20, 2013
R4PY0H5FECC5L::Mounting Brackets::I didn't realize the cam I was getting included a mounting bracket.  I was glad I got this any ways and used it.::James Johnsen::5.0::July 18, 2013
R34H4QHYFW2KEQ::Fail On the Ball Head Grip::Good overall concept, but the ball head screw only partially grips, which rendered it useless for my application, which is supporting a new iPad mount with no play. They need a rock-solid ball head grip like the one on this mini tripod: http://www.amazon.com/Polaroid-Tripod-Digital-Cameras-Camcorders/dp/B004OAFO0I/ref=sr_1_11::SJC::2.0::May 31, 2012
R2A7ABM9Q1A1Y7::Not Recommended - not a standard thread - buyer beware::I am really interested in seeing how anyone who rated this positively used it.  I purchased two, and will be able to use both of them only after some "adjustments."  The adjustable head piece is beyond useless.  Both of the ones I purchased have a slightly smaller thread size on the adjustable stem then a normal tripod mount.  Its funny, because the adjustment ring (to tighten up the camera when mounting)  DOES fit a standard tripod thread.  It doesn't fit the mount though.  I wound up using the straight pieces only and created an angle so I could hang the camera where I wanted it.They are dirt cheap, in cost and in quality, and you will wind up paying more than you would have for a decent bracket by the time you are done.  Buyer beware!As I said at the beginning of this review, I have to chuckle at all of the positive reviews and wonder if they are fake reviews by the company or by Amazon.  I am not a camera guru by any means, but I have yet to see a camera that the thread on the adjustable piece will fit!!  Good luck.::Wingz::1.0::May 30, 2012
R3MUUE1TISIE05::It was NO NEED!::The product I guess is good, but as suggested to buy it together, it was a waste of money, as I did not need it, since the camera itself comes with what you need for installation, either ceiling or wall!::Luiz C. Laba "brazeagle"::3.0::November 22, 2011
RZNAS1EHG0EG7::Hmm::I can't remember why I bought this, but I ended up using the parts, no doubt not for their original purpose, but I made a mount for camera things on a steadi-cam device thinga-ma-jig and it worked great.  This review probably won't help you, but at least it's here for you.  I can tell you that it was made of pretty high quality metal.  It would hold quite a lot of weight, I would trust it with my camera; up to, oh, say, maybe, a 365$ camera?  That sounds about right.::Joshua E. Pabst::5.0::December 4, 2008
RC15T3MT5TOIK::Looks good, but not what it looks like::The picture is good, but there is NO audio out on the receiver and no 9v power supply.  Also the tuning knob is really a 4 button channel selector.  And why did they ship it with 3 nine-volt connectors and no AC adapter?  But hey, its amazing it works at all for this price.  And the receiver DOES work with a 9-v battery as does the camera.  I was able to get a decent picture more than 20 feet away behind a wall, more clear in the center than the edges, as long as it has adequate lighting.  I plan to use it for impromptu audience interviews and already have a wireless microphone I can tape this thing to, so it will do for now.  Pro-grade wireless cameras or bluetooth streamers sell for 10-x as much, so until prices drop, this is an OK product.::rocketbon::3.0::December 19, 2012
R1268ULDBEEB26::really easy to use, didnt last long though::i had it hooked up to look out the front window from inside my house. it was really nice clear picture, good sound but after 3 months of use it started making loud crackling when you had the tv sound on, and the picture started to go fuzzy too. eventually couldnt even use it anymore. Great cheap product if you arent planing anything long term::RSV::3.0::January 8, 2013
RJD486FM4ZF8B::Nooo::Ok, i got it, what about now?? pssssit is not what i expected, i really don't like it.X::Rymer::1.0::December 11, 2012
R1V0X2SRSQOJE6::Does not work for me::My DVR is in my office with my wireless router.  When I turn the camera on, the wireless router stops working.  Also, I could not tune in a picture (well, I could, but it was very noisy) and this is with the camera and receiver about 4 feet apart.  I tried all 4 channels with identical results.Also, it seems flakey that you have to "tune" the receiver.  It has a tuning knob you have to adjust for a good picture - just like an old analog radio.  Does not seem appropriate in our current digital electronics age.Does not work for me.  It is going back.  Your milage may very.  Good luck.::J. Arnold "Flyjeffva"::1.0::December 31, 2012
R2MT9047CG6P0O::Good Camera at a Good price::Item arrived with all specified parts and in working order (including the drill bit)Installation is a little time consuming, so don't take this on if it's your first try at car audio / video. Unfortunately there were no instructions, and wires on the harness from the camera were unlabeled but luckily they were easy to figure out.The video out line is easy to spot as its the industry standard yellow RCA cable (17' extension included)The positive voltage that powers the camera is the wire that has the fuse in it (this line connects to the white back-up light in your tail lights and powers the camera)The remaining line is the ground and can be attached to almost any bare metal on vehicle, I usually choose a screw somewhere close.The cables included are long, but you may need to an extension for the power wire (to tell the receiver when to turn on the rear view monitor). I chose to extend the wire from the tail light so the video camera and the receiver got the same signal.The top of the camera is not noted, so you'll have to adjust it after installation.The camera automatically adjusts between regular and IR mode and  the LED's around the lens will not light up. You'll know when it's in IR mode as the picture will change from color to B&W.;The field of view is a little constricted compared to many cameras, but its enough for me (I can't see the corners of the vehicle, but can see behind me).::Kyle Vargason::4.0::December 6, 2009
RW7406R5UQCCT::Nice Camera, missing hole saw::I'd installed the camera in my Jeep Grand Cherokee with Pioneer 5600 DVD. The Installation was not simple, since I had to add extra video cable (the power cable is longer). As I noticed in other review, the hole saw that was supposed to come included in the kit was missing so I had to buy another one to be able to make the proper hole. The camera is water and dust resistant, and has a clear night vision, but since it has no angular lens (peep hole type) it doesn't cover both ends of the bumper and right there you miss the whole point of having a rear view camera. Just because of that, I would suggest further research of other similar products.::Lorenzo Camejo::3.0::May 31, 2009
R23882IYG751ZW::Image quality good, angle not as wide as I'd like::Overall this seems like a very good camera.  The quality seems good and so far has not had any issues due to weather like previous cameras.  I didn't want to drill a hole in the body of my truck to accommodate this camera so I installed it into a plastic housing under the bumper.  It gets a good view, but surprisingly it can't actually see to the corners of the vehicle.  The viewing angle of the camera almost makes it, but objects have to be 3-4 feet away (behind) the corners in order for the camera to pick them up.  In the worst case, if something were right at the bumper on either side but just out of view of the side mirrors, you wouldn't be able to see it and could hit it.  Other than this, if you're starting out somewhere that you know to be clear, then you're OK and can use your mirrors and camera to make it all work.  The image quality is quite good, and at night can see well too.::Jeff Mick::4.0::March 11, 2009
R2LM4LLJCYZ4XX::A big investment on a low budget rear view camera::I bought this rear view camera to be used on my Pioneer Car AVHP4000DVD Double Din AV Multimedia Receiver that I have on my Lancer 2008.The camera images look GREAT, it also has infrared sensors for an AMAZING night vision, you don't even need your reverse lights to be turned on to see in complete darkeness, I can ASSURE you that.It is waterproof, and this feature I did test it already, since it rains a lot in my country and haven't had a single problem with the camera.UPDATE: 2 years later, this low budget camera is still working great.  The only thing I've noticed is that when the camera gets too much sun light, the image may get a little red/pink and I guess is because of the IR sensors. Once it cools down, the image is displayed correctly.  Anyway, couldn't ask a $20-$40 camera to be ultra high quality so I'm still glad with the purchase.  If anyone else had problems with "water", you surely got a deffective product, I take my car to the carwash every week (they wash it with high pressure water) and it rains a lot in here, not a single problem with water so far.::Alex V. "Alex"::5.0::August 6, 2008
R2CXX50JQ7MXTR::OK Camera with unexpected features::I purchased this camera intending to put this on the front or rear of my car for an in-cab DVR. Therefore; I was intending to make adjustments to the camera if I needed to so I was planning on opening the case if I had to.What I found when I received the camera was a pit-specked lens. I tried to wipe what I thought was dust off of the lens but I found the pits to be inside - So I took the camera apart and what I found was that the rear of the camera is probably more water-proof than the front lens portion.I uploaded several images one showing the front O-ring is too big for the groove where it is supposed to sit (the picture with the yellow arrow). One side of the ring is supposed to sit in the O-ring groove and the other against the outer lens glass. When I opened the camera I have, the O-ring was pinched and hanging over the groove and potentially susceptible to leaking. Since I had not mounted the camera yet, obviously I fixed the O-ring problem. Also, since I decided to mount this camera on the front, I disconnected the IR LED's.Applying this observation may lead to the conclusion that a portion of these cameras will get water inside them because of incorrect O-ring sizing. If a water-proof camera is important to you you should check yours.Other than that the camera works and seems to have a very good picture - BTW: I polished the front window glass on mine and was able to remove almost all of the pits. Maybe these should be sold as "camera kits".::DYI Man "DIY Man"::4.0::January 28, 2011
R2QDWXWVOL8Y3G::mising items::item was delivered on time but something was missing in the delivery. Specifically the hole saw that was suppose to be included was not there. in addition the instructionmanunal was also not there sometimes making me think wheter the item i bought was brand new or not::Ricky G. Ricafrente::3.0::January 11, 2009
R29A0TMZ2WFMY2::not enough angle of view::not useful as backup camera as first you need to drill holes, then after you go through all that you realize that it doesn't have enough viewing angle so you miss to see the critical corners. Sitting in my garage since I uninstalled it.::Aviator "Sanjiv"::2.0::April 19, 2011
R25U0E2T7ZS7HB::More than a rear view camera for a car::Needed to replace a fixed position surveillance camera that broke.  The same type that failed was no longer available so took a shot at using this..I used the supplied hole saw to very carefully cut a hole into a blank face place cover to mount.The picture is great and works very well in low light.::R Suchowierski::5.0::June 9, 2013
RCR7BOWC5AV07::Inexpensive camera that gets the job done::I use two of these cameras on my car in place of my side view mirrors.  They work well during the day, but have trouble if the sun is shining into them.  The night vision mode only works for a few feet behind the vehicle, after that you're out of luck.  Also, if dirt, snow or rain gets on the lens, the camera will focus on it and will basically wash out the rest of the image.  So make sure you mount the cameras in a location on your vehicle that will be less likely to get dirty or wet.::Steve::3.0::March 14, 2011
R10LWSKEJCVNK3::***Edited Reveiw ***::I'm pretty impressed with this little camera thus far, it's better than I expected it to be.  The hole saw included in the packaging worked like a dream, and the camera itself was a quick and painless install.  I've only had it for a week so I can't comment on the longevity, but I can say the picture quality and the night vision quality are great for the price.****EDIT -03/31/11Not waterproof. When it rains this thing fogs up for days, only to become clear and crisp after it dries out. It's like that emotionally unstable ex that you want to love, but just can't.::Andrea D. Lopez::2.0::January 19, 2011
R2K5F7LCF3I9V8::Good product, very easy to connect::Very easy install, comes with everything you need, so far so good. I wish they would have included a rubber gasket to ensure water does not enter the car when mounted to the body.::Adam Fritz::5.0::January 12, 2014
R3IGSI922X9A66::Pyle View Camera::I was looking for a camera that DIDN'T have the guide lines.  This camera didn't mention guide lines in the description (all others I looked at DID).  So, I assumed that it didn't.  MY mistake.Wish I could get the lines off.......no idea if its possible.  Other than that....great camera.::Jason Smith::5.0::August 17, 2013
R31GSSLY0B1YUU::Barely usable product ( the one I received)::Construction of the product is good.Blur image caused by color noise and raster noise.This quality can't consider sale-able product.( I work as AV product designer for 10 over years)I am not sure all 100% same or only mine is defect.Very disappointed with the image quality if not very nice looking camera.::AveJack::2.0::March 17, 2013
R1Q0IW54HH3NAO::neat kit!::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2embeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2refresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2chiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2hiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2refresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so;	   


function cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2AMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.write("cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2flashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m1298EL0Z0USFR";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m1298EL0Z0USFR";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R1Q0IW54HH3NAO";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m1298EL0Z0USFR/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2duration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2duration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2newHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2resetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2newHeight(h);

  cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2so.write("cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2flashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2RollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2RollOverImg.src = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/x-locale/communities/customerimage/no-slate._SX320_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_V192250119_.jpg";

var cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2preplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2preplayImageId');
if (cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2preplay) {
  cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2preplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2preplay.src = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/x-locale/communities/customerimage/no-slate._SX320_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_V192250119_.jpg";
  }
  cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2preplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2preplay.src = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/x-locale/communities/customerimage/no-slate._SX320_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_V192250119_.jpg";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2preplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2currentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2currentClick) {
      return cv_mo26P1AASJE6JI2currentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 8:15 MinsWhat a great little kit!Instructions are minimalist so i seriously recommend u watch my video esp. if you are an amateur. Anyone can put this kit in- really simple with easy qucik connects on the wiring. You will need some simple tools like a drill to mount the camera itself and a crescent wrench to free up the battery terminals- nothing fance. I put it on my work van as i keep dining it on job sites with all the gear i carry. But for any after market rear view application- this is a piece of cake and far less money than some of the fancy ones.::NinaH::5.0::November 20, 2012
R12JW0GKVJO439::Basic camera::I got this as a second camera for my system in my offroad support truck. The image is much more grainy than my original camera, and although it is clear enough to use, it doesnt like nighttime. It is useless for any distance viewing, but up-close should be ok such as hitching up your trailer, etc. Cant give it more than 3 stars due to grainy image. Used it for about 6 months so far in harsh conditions and still works fine. The lens is rather large, so easier to get waterspots and mud on it. have to drill a large hole, and it comes with a holesaw which will work for light material(plastic, thin sheet metal, etc.)Dont expect to drill thru heavy gauge steel. Still a nice touch to include it! I used my good hole saw to mount in 3/16 plate steel.::ChristianOffroad::3.0::September 13, 2012
RTWUVHT0CKJDV::Rear View camera::Not and HD camera but sure has a resolution that can make things look like you are looking right out your window. Has a sturdy construction and connectors have a snug fit. Night vision actually works.::Miguel::5.0::March 9, 2012
R2BKZWBFSL1PI3::Not bad so far::I just mounted this camera and do not yet know about its durability over time, but will update this post if anything changes.The picture is more than adequate in daytime, but I do notice a slight flicker when I hit bumps (I can turn on the camera independently of just being in reverse with my Pioneer Nav unit).  The flicker makes me wonder if it will last.  It more than suits its purpose of a back-up camera.  It is not meant to shoot movies or anything.  My observations:I tried to test locations using a 13VDC transformer that works on pretty much everything else I have tried including Lowrance Marine Chart Plotters, but it did not power this camera and it only showed a white screen with lines on it.  I almost wrote it off as defective, but tried battery power as a last resort.  Worked fine... IDK why the transformer didnt work with it...Camera seems well built.  I read a thread where a guy said he disassembled one of these and replaced the O-rings...  I have no idea how he did that.  This is like a solid machined piece of aluminum.  I dont see any way to open it up.  It seems like it should not leak though as there are no holes or visible screw heads.My mounting notes:I mounted it where the license plate light does aim pretty much at it, but it doesnt seem to affect it that much.  If you can avoid this, it probably makes the night viewing better.Check behind your bumper before drilling.  My spare is right behind my bumper.  Even if it is not your spare, there is often wiring back there.  Make sure you have adequate depth before you drill.  1.5" of so of this camera will be behind the bumper.If you want it to be flush mounted and aimed straight back, place both rings behind your bumper after passing the camera through the hole.If you need to angle the camera, place the smaller angled ring on the camera  (flat side toward the camera, angled side toward the bumper) before passing it through the hole in your bumper and place the larger angled ring behind the bumper (angled side toward the bumper, flat side toward the nut).  My mounting sticks out a quarter inch or so as I do have it on an angle to aim it at my trailer hitch.  It would stick out an eighth or less if flush mounted with a straight back view.To get power to the light, most factory tow packages have both positive and negative wires at the trailier wiring plug.  I tapped into these.  They camera now turns on and off with my ignition.Anywhere the RCA connectors plug into each other, tape the connection with electrical tape.  This helps seal out water and also prevents these from coming unplugged over time.The video wire from my NAV unit was pushed through the firewall by putting a small hole in an existing rubber boot.  I put mine directly below the steering wheel through the boot.  I put RTV black around it for good measure to seal out water (although it looked tightly sealed around the wire without it).I ran the video wire down the top of my truck frame with other wires.  When it came close to the muffler, I ran it through/behind the heat shielding along with the factory wiring harness.  I zip tied it in place about every 18".Avoid pinch points like leaf springs, shocks, or any moving parts.  Only attach the video wire to fixed parts and route it around moving parts.The video cable will likely be too short.  Use an RCA male to male adapter and add another wire if necessary.  I did.If you need to find your reverse light wire to activate the camera, google it like I did.  A simple search for "Tundra wiring diagram reverse wire backup camera" led me to a page that said it was the blue wire in the white 11 pin plug in the passenger side kick panel.  I found it in 2 minutes with this info.  I checked for my GF's 370Z and found the same info immediately... if you have to know, it is in the driver's side kick panel on her car.  (I forget the plug and wire color)...I gave it 4 stars because:It comes with no instructions (not that you really need any though)It does flicker a little when I hit bumpsThe night vision is pretty lousy::EricB::4.0::January 27, 2012
R2XKBOYZ1J5FVH::versatile mounting::I bought a stereo that had option for a reverse camera. This little unit is hooked up to it and works nicely. Daytime use is great however it struggles at nighttime but if your reverse lights are good it should work fine for you. It came with a hole saw to drill a hole where it needs to mount. I mounted mine in the ceter of my rear license plate. It also helps when hooking up trailers to my hitch. My truck is extremely tall so it is comforting being able to see when backing up, especially in public parking areas. I have a winch front bumper that protrudes out about a foot or more which I plan on mounting another camera there also. As one reviewer mentioned it does better if mounted high if you are using it for 'close contact' prevention.The bottom line: I would buy another one if/when I needed one.UPDATE:I've had this camera for a little over 2 years now and it is still working fine.::Gordon B "AXMRDR"::5.0::December 3, 2011
R1A53UQQ9A8P03::Good Camera GREAT price::Camera arrived in 1 1/2 days... Everything was in the box and camera installs quick and easy. Camera its self doesn't have the widest viewing angle but for under 30 dollars I am not gonna complain. Would recommend this camera to others. Its a GREAT buy!::CLoCLo::4.0::October 14, 2010
R1V9ERNGKIFXEI::average::i would have given 5 stars but the hole saw that came with the camera caused some minor damage. WHY? i was drilling and the bit broke out of the hole saw causing the teeth to run astray. otherwise $30 for a reverse camera thagt has decent quality i'm content with the purchase,::Graham Weiss "Amazon or bust!"::3.0::July 26, 2010
R2OEIJXM66JKQR::I don't even have a car::I got this because it was cheap and I wanted an IR camera to mess around with.  It's very good, the picture is not super sharp but definitely clear enough not to be a big deal, especially considering the price.  The switching from visible-spectrum to IR is automatic and seamless.  Literally no delay, it's sweet.::Laughing at Commerce::5.0::June 17, 2011
R1WB6AC4KQR3EH::Flush Mount??::The video quality is okay, but I'm pretty disappointed by the "Flush Mount" claim.  The housing is about an inch or so long on the other side of the fitting.  This means that once it's mounted, it still sticks out about 1 to 1.5 inches.  It looks pretty stupid mounted like its supposed to be, so it will take some pretty crafty modifications on my part to make it flush.  If I had it to do over again, I would have just went with the license plate camera.  It would have probably worked out better if I had a bumper that already had the pop out for a backup camera, but mounted to the bumper of an f150, it sticks out like a sore thumb.::johnny.oney::2.0::May 7, 2011
RMG55G2EKRIS0::Great rear view camera::I am using this camera under the right side mirror of my motorhome so I can cover the large blind spot on that side. It functions very well in the respect.::Lance Walton "utahborn"::5.0::December 25, 2009
R1FXN2F97X1YF::Not waterproof::Quality seemed good when I unboxed it, however, after installing it, the next day I saw some condensation in the glass, and that made me feel like this thing will not work for a long time.  The unit didn't came with a holder in case you don't want to flush mount it.  Night vision is clear and the IR leds have enough strenght to illuminate well.The guidelines are not so effective and are hard to understand as they do not have colors.  I guess there are other better options out there, and waterproof.::@_Bravo Photography::2.0::May 7, 2014
R7GK03K1KNN4E::Nice little camera::For $22 this little cam is hard to beat, distance range, night vision, and all wrapped up in a tight little aluminum housing.  Could use a  dab of RTV on the threads to completely seal it up though.::mrdezyne::4.0::April 29, 2014
RUW647SVDWSFC::Cloudy at night. But an okay camera::It's very cloudy in the night. It's an okay camera. Needs improvement for the night vision especially for very dark areas.::kaylan::3.0::March 31, 2014
R2DKYN6ZP09UJ0::hit and miss...::Easy to install, but if you need to drill through anything substantial you will need a better drill bit/hole saw than the one included.  Mine wore out after barely scratching my steel bumper.  Day time performance is excellent, water sealing is excellent, but it's useless at night.  I have zero visibility at night.  Could be a bad illuminator, but I'm not sure.  At this price, I might give it another try...::y westy::3.0::March 20, 2014
R2FFRWEBQ3CJAM::Night vision sucks::Night vision does not exist on these camera? it is very cloudy you cant see 2 inches I wish I knew about the product::Allen V.::1.0::March 9, 2014
R3MNXEMUDPYBYY::Good camera with good resolution::This camera was easy to install.  The wiring on my vehicle was already in place since I bought this camera to replace one that stopped working.  Something that I have not seen described any where is that this camera has a built in distance grid.  So, when you turn on the camera, a grid will be displayed on your video screen showing how far back an object is.  On my vehicle, the grid goes back to about 10 feet. The resolution is good, not great.  But this is a backup camera, so it is plenty good enough to see when backing up.::Jeep Guy::5.0::February 25, 2014
R259ZZW156D4T::Excellent::Very good product. tough, durable and economical to use that I give. 100 percent recommended for the purchase of this product.::VESTALIA TORRES::5.0::February 21, 2014
R28YINKV76TF54::Works...::Decent does fog up after rain, but it does clear up after a couple of days. Guess take the good with the bad. Good price vs Product Quality.::myles::4.0::February 17, 2014
RVO4Y4LPTL8R9::Cam does the job::It  does the job..only comment is that there should be the option of displaying distances in feet ....  ... ...::Randy::4.0::February 5, 2014
R1SPT1VQW3Y51G::UPDATED: NOT WATERPROOF::This is a decent little camera, especially considering the price. My one complain is that I wish it did not have the IR LEDs. As soon as the outer lens gets any kind of dust or salt film on it (which on my bumper, means constantly) the film reflects the IR light back into the camera and makes it pretty much useless. Otherwise, I am perfectly satisfied with it.--------------------------------------------------------------Updated March 22:I have gone through two of these cameras and neither one lasted much more than a month before it leaked and failed. They both stopped working all at once after a rainy day and upon inspection, were full of mist on the inside of the glass. I don't know what good this camera is if it can't hold up to a little rain.When the first one failed, I replaced it with the same, thinking it was just a fluke, and reinstallation would be easier with the same model. Now that the second one has failed, I am replacing it with a different model, but it is almost impossible to find another model of camera that fits the same hole. All of the other cameras out there are smaller. I will now have to repair a large hole in my bumper, just so that I can install a smaller camera into a smaller hole. Definitely would not recommend this product.::Christopher Guarino::1.0::January 6, 2014
R3VNDRPQF5NCQ1::Okay product.::It has been now more than 3 months, i have installed this camera and rear view lcd screen and. When it rains, or in dark, it image looks blurry. I did have a camera on my other car, it never has this problem. I think you need good strong reverse lights to see during dark.::Sunil::3.0::December 30, 2013
R2SQCSBXNQQG5X::Very cheap product::It broke in less than two weeks. Apparently the light to see in night broke in two weeks. The materials are cheap. Dont recommend.::Fernando Karolys "FER"::1.0::December 13, 2013
REF95GKEOORLK::Great features::With this camera I have no blind spot. I ran 75 feet of coaxial line from it and no drop in signal. The infrared feature allows to see the road even when there are no cars coming from behind.::D. Macena "projectchrome"::5.0::November 24, 2013
RYZU2E7W84BBJ::Image Washes Out::Works great for a short while, then, as it warms up, moisture forms on the inside of the glass right in front of the camera lens that causes the image to wash out.::William E. Frey "Wilhelm F"::2.0::November 9, 2013
R38FBDFYRUKL3A::Works good during the day. Night not so much.::Works great in the day, but the night leaves a lot to be desired.Been installed for 4 months and thru summer rain and humid east coast and some mud puddles has not forged or distorted at all. The hole drill bit works well so there is no guessing to the correct size. Looks like a factory option. It does have the backup lines but since mine is on a lifted jeep the distances are off. No big deal for me, I see the red line and know I'm close enough.::William Foster::4.0::September 2, 2013
RHRK3IKG2CTYB::Excellent Cam::Installed this Cam to work with my Pioneer AVH2500.  The picture quality is very nice in day or night.  Your really can't beat it for the price.::Robert Burda::5.0::August 8, 2013
RH3WSZP54H66J::Decent camera::I hooked this camera up so that it's on all the time (instead of tying it to my reverse lights).  The camera does well except for when the IR lights are on -- they are positioned in such a way that the camera gets all washed out.  They either need to be repositioned out of view of the camera or to put some sort of shield between them.  When the street lights are bright enough to trigger the IR lights off, the camera shows a good picture even at night.  If I could disable the IR lights, I would.::LR::4.0::July 7, 2013
R1C04442J9Z5NI::website is misleading::the website provides a manual that is really a one-size-fits-all four models of their Pyle cams.  so via the website I assumed this model had the jumper to reverse the image back to normal for front view.  the manual that came with the cam was different and did not depict this jumper.  So all of my cams have reversed images and their "support" staff (really just one overworked guy) was less than helpful.resolution is not nearly good enough to read a license plate unless the car is less than 3 feet away from the cam.  night vision works ok, no issues so far.  for the money its a decent deal, but know what you are buying and verify it.  this really is a backup cam and nothing more.::Brian::2.0::May 29, 2013
R36HC7Z8Y9AZSH::Didn"t Last::It lasted two and a half months before water ruined it. I guess its not so weatherproof. Thank goodness it was only $22::mb3240::2.0::May 27, 2013
R1YND24EPVIW57::back it on up::backup cameras are really over rated. Nothing against this item, but you cant tell how close or far you are to anything while in reverse becasue the camera doesnt know depth perception, Nonetheless its cool while backing up, and the video come son. Thanks for the FAST shipping, and the stellar customer service::Vance::5.0::April 26, 2013
R1JSYB62N28SUY::Image is good, until it fogs up::I took it apart upon getting it, and the oring was improperly placed. I realigned the oring inside. I also used sealant on the threads, around the camera. There is no chance of water getting into it. I installed it in a pvc conduit 90 degree L bend, then filled it with sealant. When it got warmer, it caused it to fog, possibly due to a bit of moisture being trapped in it when i took it apart to reseat the oring that was incorrectly placed. Also it does have the backup grid lines, but they line up with my truck bed so they didnt bother me. The night vision works to the end of my bed, but i dont expect the leds to go any further and didnt deduct from my rating for that, however, they do halo on the glass blocking some of the view. Main deduction was due to the oring placement, and the fogging afterwards::Rocky J. Wiggins::2.0::April 26, 2013
R2GX7J7KDN2AW8::Clear picture::A good value for the price paid. Easy to install. Night range is at least 10 feet. A clear picture. We are using it to monitor a function on a piece of machinery. It is not affected by moderate vibration.::K T::4.0::April 7, 2013
R9XQ1XXEVWSJS::Great camara excellent mounting hardware::Camara was delivered quickly and was well protected for shipping.  Clear view, and excellent mounting hardware that allows for natural curves in the car's body and still have that OEM look. I even has the hole saw. Excellent value::Alan Stanich::4.0::March 11, 2013
R217IVOBRB3VIE::nice::Excellent very nice an good the best thing that i even see, thanks for the item, see yoou soon d::Luis A. Marte U "Luis Marte"::5.0::March 1, 2013
R3DQHQXBWY8ADV::Works great::I say it works great because as I was building my car I had pre-fitted it to my rear hatch before painting the car and wired it up to test it. Vision is perfect, colors is great as well. Only problem I have with it is I lost the darn cable while putting the car together for the last time LOL. Oh well, it did work great that one day tho :)::N2PAINT::5.0::February 28, 2013
R1ZF42FCLYEAQJ::grainy picture::Grainy picture. No instructions. Can't see corners of pickup. Extra wire on av cable, what is it for? No info on there website. How can anybody rate this 5 stars?::Alvin Nicholson::2.0::February 2, 2013
R2RJX868Z442FH::awesome!::Product was in excellent condition and came with everything needed to install- even the drill bit! The picture quality of the camera surpassed expectations::Zakattak::5.0::January 4, 2013
R16U18HJKBKE9P::Really cool::LOVED it, totally fantastic and definitely a good buy,  make a good purchase with this one and you'll be pleased::Christopher M. Knapp::5.0::December 20, 2012
R2UY5N1IEQ56EA::very good::it was very good I love it very very much and ships very past too love this web page !::Omar  Chomakhidze::5.0::December 1, 2012
R1OTYLVP1PZZ8X::works well::This is a really good camera I have had it for about 3 months. It shows well in the day and night. during installation I sealed the point of entry for the wire with some clear silicone and alittle around the edges of the glass, wiping of the smudge. this makes it perfectly sealed even during torrential downpours.For those people reporting the camera flickering on and of during use, be sure to tape the rca joinings with a good quality tape probably 3m. and harness the wire well so it does not get damaged because it is not so good in quality.::stephen::4.0::August 4, 2012
R2J5EY4K9L0ZOT::Rear View Camera::I purchased this Pyle PLCM22IR Flush Mount Rear View Camera for an add on to my audio/video setup. I had it installed as an after market add on to my JVC receiver. I have the comfort of mind knowing that when I back up I can see any obstacles and if I get to close there is a sounding  beeping alert.::Paul E. Hines::5.0::April 30, 2012
RHQYO9DYRCX3J::Works great except for the automatic feed function on my dash::I bought this camera with the Pyle PLTS77DU 7-Inch Touchscreen Monitor. I also reviewed that, which has a lot of the same info as this..I installed the unit myself in a Mitsubishi galant 2003. It was surprisingly easy, even though I only had basic wiring skills. I also installed a back up camera at the same time. The toughest part of the installation is running wire from the trunk to the dash underneath the trim. The dash installation was a breeze, just search YouTube for installation videos.The camera only works in Aux mode. I tried connecting to the "rear view in" connection but then no video comes through at all. I use the "aux video in" connection and switch to the rear view manually, which really bugs me. I gave this unit 2 / 5 stars because I only bought the touch screen to go hand in hand with a rear view camera. Since both products are made by Pyle, I would expect for it to work flawlessly. Instead, The camera works when I put the car in reverse and switch the dash to aux but I think the video should automatically come up on my screen like all the other dash/camera combos.The camera isn't as wide of an angle as other rear view cameras out there but in my opinion, it looks fine. I bought it primarily for the purpose of backing up into my garage, and it works beautifully for that purpose. The night vision is neat. People glow in the dark. It's a $20 camera so you can't expect it to be Hollywood quality. For the money, I am extraordinarily happy with this unit, minus the issue with automatically displaying the camera feed.Help me get the camera to pop up automatically and this unit gets 5 stars!!!!::Blake Gonska::2.0::March 11, 2012
RX6GNFIQ13Q63::Very clear video::What a difference from my previous camera. This was inexpensive yet provided a clear picture in most lighting conditions.  I will buy another one of these if I need more.::David Raiman::5.0::March 5, 2012
R2FQJ4OE5FTI7J::good product::First I am satisfied with the delivery time, all in the box, in perfect condition, the product now, I am impressed by the price did not think to get as much quality. the excellent video, very easy installation, I made myself,::KENNETH::5.0::February 3, 2012
R2BFIEBH2V85YM::Works As Advertised::Installed it on the bumper of my 2002 GMC Envoy; No drilling on my truck. It worked perfectly when I finally connected the power source (red wire), grounded it (black wire), and connected the RCA cable to my new DVD/Video/TV dashboard unit. No installation instructions were included in the package; although I found a manual online.  Now I enjoy rear viewing from my vehicle while I am backing up my SUV from the garage.  Viewing clear during the day, but partially unclear at night. Bottom line -glad I purchased it.::wjmyles::4.0::January 27, 2012
RFT4ABWI25CZN::good value, nice camera::Installed replacing an universal camera with this same dimensions in my car.  This camera have a 'good' but not the best image on my screen, average image at night. It's a excellent budget choice; it came with the tool to open the hole and the cables to do the connection. Feels to be well built, only hoping this one don't die on me as fast as the previous one from a universal brand.::Idelson de la Cruz::4.0::January 23, 2012
R19CVE127KEYSC::PYLE PLCM22IR Flush Mount Rear View Camera with 0.5 Lux Night Vision::The PYLE PLCM22IR Flush Mount Rear View Camera with 0.5 Lux Night Vision for the price this camera is OK. At day light the vision quality is good but at night with lights at the back the vision is acceptable and with no ligths at he back the vision is unacceptable. I also have a backup sensor installed and that's makes me feel more secure at the time of backup at night time. Some time ago I had been hit from the back (It was not a Big impact) and the impact was not over the camera, but after that, the Video comes with some distorsions or interferences. But the my daily issue is the dust and dirty that the camera gets on the crystal, so in the Night is a big deal beacuse view is blocked. Thank You...::Miguel SR::3.0::December 21, 2011
RHH18D8Z7MGHX::not clear become foggy::It's not clear, it becomes foggy, has poor visibility, is black and white at night and if you don't have a backup light you can't see..::Luis Delgado::2.0::November 13, 2011
RRMH1T1MV9E6N::Good camera for the money!::Universal mount about anywhere.  A good rear view camera for the money.  The tool included is a plus but take it slow or it will wonder and the hole you cut will be bigger than you need.::rb1947::3.0::October 19, 2011
R17GLYOG4ZNKDF::NOT WATERPROOF::I have two of these cameras on my Mercedes Sprinter which has no windows. One is rear view, one is right side view. I love these cameras. They are wide angle without distorting more than your passenger side mirror---objects may be closer than they appear. BUT NO WAY ARE THEY WATERPROOF. The glass on the front of the camera is not sealed in any way and they take on moisture, malfunction till they dry out and after a while, they fail completely. I return them for exchange, but because I like them so much, I am remounting them behind a protective window.::Tinker::3.0::September 17, 2011
RNKY9EWZNK0UL::.5 lux?::How did they come up with .5 lux for this camera? While it maybe true, the chip they use is rated at less than 5 lux which makes me wonder if this then became .5 lux by accident or if it really is .5 lux. I suspect you might get some image at .5 lux but it would probably be very poor. Has anyone has tried to verify this spec.?::kat seibert::2.0::September 7, 2011
R13FNTX4RDAQMY::excelent camara for my  mercedes an trike spider::the camara is perfect 1 it did not bulge out like someone said.it comes with 1 rubber ring 2 angle cut ring and 1 treaded ring to screw on i have install these camara in many position and they are perfect the picture are good both day and night i have 4 camara  a mini quad  prossesor and a vupoint digital converter with 16sd card  i recomend these to all my friends when they ask about my system ps it come with a drill bit in the box to make the hole.::anthony peterson::5.0::August 30, 2011
RX2EAKWYQ7LAO::Does it's job::Received on time, works fine, image is quite OK. One thing - it's quite tricky to install, because it's round and it tends to rotate, when you screw it's ring on.::David Jashi::5.0::July 24, 2011
R2TBWB2TYNCPH::Great camera::Bought this and another license plate style and this one is by far better. I'm using it on the back of a 20' trailer which is behind my 30' motor home and it works great!::Dennis Racine::5.0::July 22, 2011
R2TJCOPWI6D1G5::Weak power connection wires. Low light - insn't::The wires for the power connection are way too small for my taste. I ended up hard-wiring to the power feed line. The connection itself is poor and tended to short/disconnect. The night vision isn't. Low light - maybe. Helps to have a little electrical/mechanical savvy to install. It functions for the purpose it was intended, not as marketed.::Thomas G. Gouvisis::3.0::July 21, 2011
R3LXWCONTO3L54::Good camera::Better night image than the previous camera I bought, install was as to be expected ,if you have an easy cable run then it is easy otherwise it will be more difficult. Camera mount easy with a plastic bumper . It would be nice to see it come with a 'U' shaped bracket.::donr22::4.0::June 4, 2011
R3DVCG9HTD3ZXQ::Good for the price!::I bought two of these cameras for use on my truck and trailer. The one on the truck is a reverse camera mainly for lining up the trailer hitch. The trailer is a large box trailer and the camera on it is mounted high center to work as a full time rear view mirror when connected.  I chose this product over the similar listing mainly for the lower Lux rating and the free shipping when buying over $25. I connected them to a small 2 channel 3x4" LCD display I got on Ebay.  Overall I would say I am happy with it. The video quality is plenty good for me to see what is behind me, although I probably wouldn't recommend it for any sort of recording application. The nightvision feature does have limited range of probably 15-20 feet and the camera has a fairly narrow field of view. Probably only 60 degrees total, so if you plan to use this as a backing camera to navigate with when in reverse you need to mount it as high as possible and angled down at a sharp angle to see what is immediately behind you. When I tried using the camera to back up my driveway, it was very difficult mainly because of the lack of depth perception and narrow field of view. It works great for lining up the trailer hitch though! The high center camera on my trailer works great for seeing behind me. I should have installed that one years ago. I will try and post a future update to report on reliability...::TomH::4.0::March 7, 2011
R17XZIEHORTG7E::Great Product::It is a very usefull camera, easy to install and works in any condition that is required, the only problem is that you loose the perspective and you can't see the distance::Pancho Fuentes::5.0::January 22, 2011
RWKIMNIK5S9VJ::Clear image::nice equipment for large cars and suvs really nice view, the night vision is very good, easy to install, im glad i bought this item, thanks::Daniel Herrera "Daniel H"::5.0::January 13, 2011
R8RF0OVX9MLJG::Not bad but not the best::Not a bad camera. No installation  instructions in the box. But saying that it was easy to install. Only down fall is that the picture doesn't seem a clear as I expected. But for the cost I can't complain.::Dakin::3.0::August 29, 2010
REUDBOWQZ1J0Y::Excellent Camara compatible with sony xav 60::Excellent camera it has a very clear image also in night mode it is very useful, it comes with all the tools to install it by your self, very easy to use, excellent product, I try with a Sony Xav 60 and it was fully compatible...::asdf::5.0::July 20, 2010
R31CE0IJD0DWMT::A great camera at a great price!::I have purchased two of these cameras to cover my rear blindspots on my GMC Envoy. I mounted them in the rear bumper corners at the top of the facia cover. They are great for parallel parking or watching before changing lanes on highways. They came with high-quality holesaws even. They also include adapters to adjust for desired angles to face the cameras. I don't know how Pyle can manufacture and sell these for this price! Great value! You could also use these full time to moniter you trailer or camper while driving.::scott66::5.0::September 24, 2010
R40GJW21ZLKKL::mi opinion::La camara tiene buena definicion aunque no es muy buena de noche. Adicional a esto, en la imagen se v pequea pero en realidad es grande y dificil de ubicar en el vehiculo.::Alexander Prada Yate::3.0::July 26, 2010
R1P52TFV955876::const quality 0::Fell apart while installing. Completely unusable. Holding collar too thin. Threadstoo fine, front flange too small and thin. Nothing to hold while tightening. PYLE PLCM22IR Flush Mount Rear View Camera with 0 Lux Night Vision::Melvin W. Millsap::1.0::April 14, 2010
R4QG7HN242368::Not Needed::It was not needed for me to have two cameras mounted during this installation but it was recommended.  Two cameras are not needed!::James Jones::3.0::May 27, 2013
R2FGRQJO4TULVR::A "Pyle" of....::****UPDATE****  Its official!  This camera completely died within three months.  Not only did it fail to function at night, but it couldn't even manage to make it through the summer.  Just purchased the XO.  Its a perfect swap out and is working perfectly including its night vision.  AVOID THIS PRODCT!  DON'T MAKE MY SAME MISTAKE!The PYLE PLCM22IR was fairly simple to install and looks great.  With a small, flush profile it is hidden well within the bumper of my Jeep Wrangler Unlimited.  The price is also a nice feature.  But that is where the positive aspects of this camera end.The picture quality in daylight is adequate at best.  I installed an BOYO camera in my previous Tahoe and it's clarity was far superior to the Pyle.The picture quality at night is NON EXISTENT!  The image is nearly completely black.  Not sure how Pyle can claim "Night Vision" with this model.  It is completely useless at night--even with ambient light such as you would find in a parking lot.Save yourself the time and hassle.  Do not fall for the claims and the price.  You get what you pay for and I should have known better.  Now in search of a similar sized camera (as the bumper has been cut for this "Pyle" of crap) made by a reputable manufacturer such as the BOYO I had previously.::NMChknHwk::1.0::June 15, 2012
R3L52JG97VL08F::Another prime example of Chinese junk.::This camera comes with no install instructions, and you are left guessing if it needs power all the time, or just when you are in reverse. Also, the installation drillbit they include would do good to cut through paper, let alone a bumper. This burned up before hardly making a scratch in my bumper.The low light rating is also a joke. You really can't see anything if it is near dark, let alone dark. I guess you get what you pay for -::Mike Stepchinski::1.0::October 8, 2011
RXCM4RO80450J::Excelent::I do not installed yet, but this camara will help me a lot in my car.::Henry Gmez Noguera::5.0::August 24, 2010
R308142VLH9NNC::this camera is sucks::I suppose to get this camera because is water prove but is raining and guess what? Is not working no more because get wet from the inside i just get it like 5 weeks a go and im very disappointed i wish i can get an other one or return this one i have an other camera in my Yukon and works perfect with no problem at all i just expected something like that ...::Erick Pulido "eck"::1.0::November 6, 2011
R18M45IXMQ1IAU::Do explain why you liked or disliked this product. Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product. D::Do explain why you liked or disliked this product.Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product.Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your::Dario::5.0::July 2, 2013
R1R1ECP69SQ2SR::hmm::well from looking at it in my hand it looks good so i bought a second one but to this day i have not used it but for the price and how it looks i think it would work well::A. Costa "ACD"::4.0::February 16, 2011
R1K9XAE838F4JD::bad quality!::I don't like it because is not night vision capable.... you can not see nothing on the dark with this even with you Back up lights on, so do not waste your money.::Rainer Lopez "Rainer L."::1.0::April 6, 2009
RZQFV0XBMWAP8::Camera::Could not use camera because I didn't have a monitor for it. Sent it back::Sherman::3.0::September 17, 2009
RUVPB973W1EVS::Not Good Outdoors::The cable gave me an OK picture, but after a couple years outdoors it would snap/break wherever I touched it, exposing the shielding inside. Pretty lame.::Steve S::2.0::February 19, 2010
R2Y6IGAPPQIVB1::connector and cable::cable and connectors works great.  Was easy to install.  I have Q-See camera system that works great.  Love Q-See products.::Rajendra Patel::5.0::May 9, 2014
R3JZAM29ZTWIXO::Replaced an older cable::This cable was used to replace an older thinner (very light wires) cable that had stopped carrying the signal from the camera.  It is a direct replacement from the manufacturer for the old cable.  The heavier cable seems better suited for outdoor installations.::mkremer::4.0::March 13, 2014
R2LJUGBRWTEHN3::Great product::I have installed these in my attic and even with this distance cannot see any difference in my other cameras performance at 60ft compared to this 100ft cable.::Paul B.::5.0::March 8, 2014
RC17AH6TFFK2H::This cable is working well but the 50 ft was defective.::Some of these cables are defective and you will need to test them right away - warrantee expires quickly so beware.::Douglas M. Buckley::4.0::February 26, 2014
R94KF6EQLEA7R::VERY THIN CORD::VERY CHEAP COMPARED TO THE SWANN 100 FOOT CABLE AND HALF THE SIZE AND WEIGHT OF THE SWANN. I SENT THESE BACK AND BOUGHT MORE OF THE SWANN. THE Q-SEE ARE CHEAP FOR A REASON.::Cindy::2.0::February 20, 2014
RLQQFDX9EHXJI::Work as Intented!::I used this cable to extent the the existing 60 ft cable. It works great without using an extra powerline.::Al Sur "Al"::4.0::January 3, 2014
R265WH082FMNFR::Tangles easily, female connectors come apart::It is in the memory of a circle while you try to string the line and I tell you, it isn't easy to do this 100 foot cable then hook it all up and have no picture because the female connector came apart.::R. Lurer::3.0::December 16, 2013
R27NL6HF98T69A::Very Good Quality::These are very good quality cables with good connectors.  I use them to run the full length of my barn and the video quality is very good with no noticable signal loss. I would order them again.::Ritzville Jerry::5.0::November 8, 2013
R30T2EPN98OB20::Good Product::This is a good product.  It was received when promised and is well constructed and at a reasonable price.  Will buy from them again.::Michael G. Cosby::5.0::October 2, 2013
R32EXCVZAEKZ9C::ok::Got 3 of these. 2 worked great, while the 3rd one's power side worked but the video side never worked.::Danny Clayton Jr::4.0::September 10, 2013
R10AAEA0ZFEG7V::Extension for my Q-See QM6006B::This cable worked great. It works as advertised. It seems to be durable enough for outside use. I certainly recommend this product.::Alex::5.0::August 28, 2013
R3JV4QUF6QTER8::Delivered on time and worked as expected::As soon as we got this, we were able to finish the installation of the remote camera.  It is working great.::Frederick Zeitz::5.0::August 4, 2013
R22JKBJISAUNP::Was very needed::Was what I needed for my cameras. Shipping and handling was a bit pricey but arrived promptly , but we needed it to complete the job.::MissyJay::4.0::July 12, 2013
RD4DNRBYQD2YP::worked as needed - arrived early::Helped me extend my length of cable for camera placement.  Connections (barrel) work well, and extend connection..  Brand same as cameras so was pretty certain there would be no problems.::The Grouchy Librarian::5.0::June 26, 2013
R2BESHAQ7K6ED8::For the price you can't beat it.::I bought a 16 channel DVR system and currently running 10 cameras. In a months time I've had 3 cables go out and 1 that made my display all wavy. Overall the others that did not have issues with the picture quality was good but not excellent.::Ron Ladd::3.0::June 17, 2013
R3LLI1MZIXMFBD::As Advertised::Worked perfectly out of the box. Timely delivery and packaging was as expected. 5 stars would have been a cheaper price, but this cable is still a good deal as is.::Nim::4.0::June 15, 2013
R24GVTHEUQCS8D::worked fine... pakaged good::cables and adapters were exactly as advertised and pakaged properly.... could be a liitle heavier gauge wire if you are trying to support overhead mounting of the wire::Joe Swafford::4.0::April 22, 2013
R3RU46MQCPW6L5::Product was great::This was exactly as described and gave us more than enough length to get our cameras where we needed them to be.::Vicki N.::5.0::April 12, 2013
R1SXHNH73ONWSU::love it::work great for me i love it mm mm mmm mmm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm::foxybrown::5.0::April 7, 2013
R18CCFMJ5W2UJP::50-50::We bought 2 100 foot cables.  After opening the first and running it the 100' through the attic (all while being hunched over) to the camera, it didn't work.  Went back down to get a connector (provided) and that didn't work.  Went back down to get a different camera and that didn't work.  Opened the 2nd package and tested it before running the 100' and it worked.  So we had a 50-50 chance of getting a cable that worked.  Good thing we ordered 2!::Sandra York::3.0::March 28, 2013
R1UI7PCLYYKWCX::good product::I love being able to keep an eye on my pets :)  This is part of the full Q-See system.::Phil Seratt "PA/CSA"::5.0::March 19, 2013
R7GT82U09UF1R::fast::fast shipper love getting this cable fast ,so when ours got cut , ordered the same name brand and it was here::fred figglehorn::5.0::March 17, 2013
R3RH1XZJT1ESC3::Original OEM Product with very reasonable price::The product is of High Quality and I was very happy with the purchase. The item arrived well on time and as expected. Will recommend and buy again if needed. I used this with the Q-See camera installation.::R. Huria "RKH009"::5.0::March 4, 2013
R3F62SFX8MENYW::No complaints, good quality picture::The cables handle the 100-foot runs without no noticeable degradation of video quality and the connectors are of solid quality with no drop-outs. I would recommend these cables to a friend.::Dan Robbins::5.0::February 10, 2013
R2BFQVOOC5I6H8::Q-See cables::The cables are good and easy to use but  I found them wound up on their little plastic holder the opposite direction then what I needed them to be therefore I had to unwind the entire length of the cable run it threough the walls etc and then rewind the rest back up onto the plastic thingy. Luck of the draw, I suppose. Other people may find it wound just perfect for their needs. One of the cable connections was tenuous. Had to have it positioned just right or the video was fuzzy,therefore it gets 4 stars.::Jerbear::4.0::January 27, 2013
R24MKYWYQXNZOH::its an extenstion cable::Unfortunatly most camers i looked at only come with 60foot cables if you have a long distance to from the dvr you need an extenstion cable price is reasonable and has the connectors need in the package as shown::vipergts_r_92::3.0::January 13, 2013
R1CHTKTMUWAEZE::Great::Gret cable if you need to move the camera or you need to link 2 or more cable, the quality of the signal is fine.::Anthony Leonor "Bavaro"::5.0::January 5, 2013
R1Y4Y6M3KTU5Y6::Great::Quick ship and good product.  Works great and easy to run in tight areas.Recomment this item for good quality::B. Knott::5.0::December 29, 2012
R1T27ZUV2P6PAK::JUST IN TIME::I ordered these as a seperate item to add to our new video surveillance system installation, but they arrived on the same day.  These are perfect for reaching the four corners of our home from the location of our main control unit DVR.  Good quality at a fair price.  Thank you AMazon.com::Gerald L. Hill "JERRY2KONE"::5.0::December 28, 2012
RVCK4KJ6QF3X5::QS100B Video and Power cord::Great product for the money spent.  We were limited to the quantity we could order.  The product worked excellent for its intended use.::Grandma Judy::4.0::December 7, 2012
R1FVOOW5LWG3IW::Bad Deal::Though the wire worked well, when I had a question and needed to contact Q-See I found that Q-See had little if not 0 costumer service. If you buy from them your on your own. Don`t expect any help of any kind from the company. They seem to have no respect for their costumers. Contacting them is just about impossible and when you do get to talk to someone they are of no help at all. Use another company.::John Lewis::1.0::September 14, 2012
R3MY48N4POS8J5::Works as advertised.::Got the extension cable to use with my DVR system. Most DVR systems only come with 60' cables that are not practical with setting up in large homes/business etc so you have to get extensions. They work as advertised but are not heavy duty cables and are flimsy (reason for 3 rating). I have already had to replace one cable end due to having it pulling out of the connector. Other than that they work fine.::Arcani::3.0::August 21, 2012
R284TPFDAO5NET::Did the job.  No Problems::Needed an extra 100 feet of wire to one of my cameras.  This was priced right and worked when hooked up.  No Problems at all.::LegalGiant::5.0::January 15, 2012
R2MN9PPS13UNW3::Great packaging & addon's but poor cable.::Cable is packaged great and they give you adapters that make life easier, however these cables are not able to run some of my cameras.Most of my camera's require 500MA of power and these cables serve them well, however a few of my camera's require 1000MA, and these cables fail to get the power to the camera's.  Causing the cameras to flicker at nighttime (when they require the additional power).  I have had to replace my cabling with VideoSecu cables to run all camera's without issues.::TheHecklerJ::2.0::December 5, 2011
R2ZVD5815N0B6E::happy with what i got::If you need some thing to make your small amount of wire longer then this is the best product to get that extra feet. This is what I needed worked just great had no promblems with it.::bda::5.0::November 9, 2011
R1DE9BPGJ90WWB::Seems OK, but....::Cable seems to work but the camera's IR lighting doesn't seem to go out very far from the camera. After reading through the Q-See website, I discovered that it's best for long runs like these to put the power supply at the camera end, rather than use the power portion of the cable to deliver power to the camera from the other end. This eliminates the voltage drop from the 100' run of the light gage power wire contained in this cable. This should be included as a note on the cable packaging for this length of cable. Otherwise, the package is a good value, since you get gender-changer adapters as well.::Richard S. Gargurevich::4.0::July 13, 2011
R3NRG8MCNKO80I::Q-See 100-foot cable for surveillance camera::I bought a Q-See surveillance camera that came with 60 feet cables.  The cables were too short so I had to install the system on the 2nd floor.  When I received the 100 feet cables I was able to reinstall the system next to my computer on the 1st floor.  It was easy to install the cables. No problem encountered.::Second Hawaiian Island "Roy Ara"::5.0::July 4, 2011
R1TV773DTW5QAC::See my other Review of Q-See Cable I Bought::The title in my other review says it all; i.e.; I am totally satisfied. The cable was delivered within a week and came exactly as described. All related parts were included and it was completely compatible with my Q-See surveillance system being installed at the same time. It was priced on Amazon far lower than the retail price for the same product on the Q-See.com website and, because I ordered a couple of cables of shorter length with one of a 200' length; delivery was free at the time of purchase.::BO::5.0::December 28, 2010
RIZOCFASJCLJE::Works as advertised.::Light weight, narrow gauge compared to heavy duty versions, but the 100 foot has no noticiable difference in image quality from standard 60 foot cables included with Q-See systems.::K. Roberts::5.0::September 13, 2010
R2VBS9HDXXB1T0::Excellent camera, excellent customer service::My wife and I wanted to keep an eye on the nanny with our baby from work.  After researching the network cameras for several months, it seemed that only Panasonic cameras consistently received positive (usually glowing reviews) whereas cameras from other major brands like Linksys, D-Link, etc received mediocre or poor reviews.  So I went with Panasonic.  And after about a month, I have to say I am very impressed with it.  Some background: I have a classic Linksys WRT54G 802.11g router, with 2 WinXP PCs connected to it via ethernet and 3 more PCs connected wirelessly; plus, I have AT&T;/SBC DSL service via a Speedstream 5100 DSL modem.  If you're moderately computer literate, you should have no problem following the included instructions to setup (view and control) the camera in wired mode or in wireless WiFi mode.But if you want to setup the camera to be viewed (and controlled) from the internet, you need to do a bit more work.  And this is where Panasonic's excellent, excellent customer support comes in.  Panasonic's support line is 8_0_0-2_7_2-7_0_3_3; they are open Mon-Fri 9AM-9PM and Sat/Sun 10AM-7PM Eastern US Time; this tech support is available to you for the LIFE of the product.  They will walk you through how to setup the camera, configure your router (for, among other things, port forwarding), and register with Panasonic's FREE Dynamic DNS web service.  This last point is important: Panasonic network cameras include FREE Dynamic DNS hosting service for the life of the product; other brands offer the service for an annual fee.Okay, step-by-step, here's how to config the camera for internet viewing:First, if you use DSL as I do (as opposed to cable broadband), you have to configure the DSL modem for "bridge mode." (If you don't use DSL, then you can skip this step.)  This is because DSL modems act as a router, and port forwarding cannot work behind both the DSL modem's router and (in my case) the Linksys WRT54G router.  If you want, you can call your DSL tech support to ask them to walk you through how to "bridge" your DSL modem.  But here's what I did.1. Login to your DSL modem (for me, it's 192.168.0.1) using your DSL account (for me, it's my SBCglobal email address).2. Select Advanced >> PPP Location3. Select Bridged Mode (PPPoE is not used), then Change PPP Location4. When prompted, restart the DSL modem5. Login to your router (for me, it's 192.168.1.1)6. Under Setup> Basic Setup >> Internet Connection Type, select PPPoE and enter the DSL login & password info you normally would enter in your DSL modem to authenticate your DSL service.7. At this point, the "bridging" should have been successful.  To check that bridging has been successful, click Status >> Router, and check that you are "connected" with an IP address showing.  If successful, you should also see that your DSL modem's "internet" LED light is off while your router's "internet" light is on.  What you basically have done is to move the point of authentication for your DSL service from the DSL modem to your router; your DSL modem merely acts as a bridge for the DSL service to your router.8. Now, we move on to configuring the camera itself.  I assume that the camera has already been configured for wired and wireless mode.  Login to the network camera (for me it's, 192.168.1.253).9. Click Setup.  Change the Port No. from the default of 80 to 50000 (fifty thousand) and enter the IP address of the camera (for me, it's 192.168.1.253).  Click Save, and the camera will restart.  When it finishes restarting (taking as long as 1.5 min), it'll bring you back to the "Top" home page of the camera config screen.10. Log back into your router, and go to Applications & Gaming, where you'll be able to set up port forwarding.11. In the Port Range, enter 50000 as "Start" and 50000 as "End."  Enter the IP Address of the camera (for me, 192.168.1.253).  Check Enable.  Save Settings.12. Now, log back into your camera.  Go to Setup >> DynamicDNS.  Select viewnetcam-dot-com, then Next.13. Click on "Your Account Link" to bring up the viewnetcam.com registration page, where you then select New Registration.  Enter your desired registration info and select your domain name at viewnetcam-dot-com (e.g. yourname-dot-viewnetcam-dot-com). Click Choose.14. Now, you will be shown a page confirming your registration.  Under DDNS status, you will see Active-waiting.  You need to wait up to 10min as the domain registration occurs, at which time, the status will change to Active.15. We're almost done; stay with me!  From WinXP Start Menu, click Run and type "cmd" to bring up a DOS window.16. In the DOS window, type "ipconfig/all", which shows your computer's various network information.  Under Ethernet adapter Local Area Connection, copy down the two addresses under DNS Servers.17. Log back into your camera, select Setup, and enter the 2 DNS Server addresses from ipconfig/all in the 2 DNS boxes.18. Go back to viewnetcam-dot-com, login to your account, and check that the DDNS status is now Active. If so, then you're all ready to go!19. Go to yourname-dot-viewnetcam-dot-com:50000 to see your network camera on the internet!::Amazon Customer::5.0::October 6, 2007
R3VV02VOJ3UJDG::Best of consumer web cams (I have tested 20 models)::OVERVIEWThe BL-C131A is a wireless/router based camera (no PC needed).  In my view, this is the ONLY way cameras should be used due to the unstable PC connected solutions (e.g., PC freeze-up, lost power, etc).  It is an IP based system which needs its own local internet address which the included software does a pretty good job setting up automatically.MY EXPERIENCESI have tried over 20 wireless web cameras from 7 brands over the last 5 years ($100-$600) and none are close to the performance, reliability, ease of setup of the Panasonic cams for a consumer based product.  Dlink used to lead the pack until the BL-C20A/30A units came out.  I was a fan of Dlinks but the software setup, remote camera configurations, and Viewnetcam dynamic DNS service of the the Pana's is just the best today.ADVANTAGES- The included software is the best on the market for finding the camera on your system and trying to configure it automatically.  Most software engineers should be SHOT due to sloppy code but the Panasonic software and firmware (software inside the cameras) is pretty good for setup and reliability (I am an electrical engineer so I know the sloppy way most of these guys think).- Tech support for Panasonic is the ONLY support I have contacted from 7 brands with AMERICANS speaking ENGLISH (not "Engrish").  Their patience and overall knowledge is truly outstanding and worth every extra penny this camera costs.- I highly recommend you also buy the Panasonic wireless router.  It automatically configures with the cameras and becomes really easy to find/control the cameras.- The ability to reset/reconfigure the cameras remotely is INVALUABLE!  I am often travleing in China, at my home in Chicago, or my home in Florida and want to make changes.  I can do it remotely with 100% success after the first setup.  I was even able to configure some cams in Chicago and Fedex to my wife in Florida and they booted up into the other system perfectly!- The Viewnetcam dynamic DNS service is stunningly reliable.  It has never gone down and my cameras reset/refind themselves every hour so if your local ISP dynamically changes your IP address (Comcast is worst) you are always going to have the cams back up in 1 hour.- The ability to snap images, group small video screens, and "mouse-point" the cameras via the pan-tilt-zoom are outstanding.- The built in microphones are AMAZINGLY sensitive and pick up small noises remarkably well.  I could hear the kids playing outside the house with cams inside.- The built in multi-screen servers can integrate different models of cameras.  For example, I use a BL-C131A cam as #1 at my mom's house for PTZ and audio.  I then add a BL-C30A for simple PTZ photo/video and a BL-C20A for fixed photo/video.  They all coexist in one screen and work beautifully!- The photo snaps work PERFECTLY for building a simple web page and placing multiple screen snaps on 1 page (I placed 8) thus a super slim matrix of what is happening in my homes.  Each photo at 320x240 is only 8kb so they download fast.- The mobile function (viewing on a cell phone browser) works INCREDIBLY well.  I use it everyday on my Treo700P via Sprint.DISADVANTAGES/CAUTIONS- ANY web cam is tedious to setup, no matter the brand.  Be patient, and call Pana's tech support before returning the unit.- DON'T expect HD quality video - these are 640x480 screens as best and the upload speed of your home network will always be the limiting factor.  I do not recommend more than 4 cams online at once since this overloads even a good 768K upload system.- The pan-tilt controls are outstanding.  Lots of left-right-down travel but up is limited.  Also, the zoom is a digital zoom (NOT an optical zoom) thus very pixelated and not worth much.- The cams can fight for packets and "burble" your VOIP telephone calls.SUMMARYOutstanding product.  I now own 14 units around the world and all are stone-cold reliable.  Just great products.::Amazon Customer "ElectricalEngineer"::5.0::January 21, 2008
R1H6Z1SP31DML2::It works as advertised::I have experience with D-Link cameras, and this one is much better. Setup was a multi-step process, but went smoothly, and the free internet address really works. The camera has yet to lose signal, and I have it positioned a the farthest end of my wirelss network. Picture is clear, sound is ok, interface is very good. Only works well with Internet Explorer. On a Mac, the video will display in Firefox but without sound. I haven't expored all of the features yet, but the main thing is that it works (more than can be said for many wireless products).::LS::5.0::May 16, 2007
R1LKCBVFZLDSQW::Good Camera. Expensive software.::I purchased four of these cameras and found out that the recording software included with it comes with a license to record only one camera. If you want to record more than one camera, you have to purchase an upgraded version with additional licenses and that lists for $399 and Amazon has it for $315.03 + Shipping Network Camera SoftwareIf you are purchasing more than one camera for Surveillance purpose, make sure to take in to account of the additional costs.::Perera "Perera"::3.0::November 20, 2007
R2PWIID83GI3DR::Great cam for the Mac (OSX).....::You can do all setup via the builtin web server - even firmware updates. There is no need for installing anything from the included (windows only) CD. Streaming MP4 or MJPEG video works right outta the box in Safari as does the static captures - no need for drivers or anything else.. Those looking for typical, painless MacOSX setup will get it with this Panasonic webcam..::David Schmitz "Smitty"::5.0::July 28, 2007
R75ULVGT0VHDS::Good Webcam but Great Tech Support::I bought one of these to monior my house while on vacation.  The reviews suggested that it was the best for the price.  The set up was also supposed to be the easiest of the lot and it turned out to be relatively simple until I got to the internet set up.  Using a Mac with a Time Capsule router was not the "easy as pie" operation that I had hoped for.  It was more like French torte with cream and chocolate sauce. I began gathering the packing material for a return, and made the cursory call to tech support.  I've never had good phone tech and did not expect anything different this time.  I was wrong.  Best ever.  The guy walked me through the not-too-obvious steps and within less than an hour was up and running.  The phone tech was worth the price of the product itself!::William L. Cryer "BC"::5.0::July 3, 2008
R2T9QEXNSRK5I1::Low-Cost, Easy Nanny Cam::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_14985111embeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_14985111refresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_14985111chiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_14985111hiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_14985111refresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_14985111so;	   


function cv_14985111loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_14985111so = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_14985111AMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_14985111so.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_14985111so.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_14985111so.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_14985111so.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_14985111so.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_14985111so.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_14985111so.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_14985111so.write("cv_14985111flashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_14985111', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_14985111';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_14985111', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_14985111loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_14985111";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m3B5M3DC5950LI";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m3B5M3DC5950LI";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R2T9QEXNSRK5I1";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m3B5M3DC5950LI/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_14985111duration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_14985111duration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_14985111loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_14985111loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_14985111loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_14985111newHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_14985111', 0, h);
}

function cv_14985111resetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_14985111newHeight(h);

  cv_14985111so.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_14985111so.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_14985111so.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_14985111so.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_14985111so.write("cv_14985111flashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_14985111RollOverImg = new Image();
cv_14985111RollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81cV0gm9noS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_14985111preplay = document.getElementById('cv_14985111preplayImageId');
if (cv_14985111preplay) {
  cv_14985111preplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_14985111preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81cV0gm9noS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_14985111preplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_14985111preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81cV0gm9noS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_14985111preplay.parentNode;

  var cv_14985111currentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_14985111currentClick) {
      return cv_14985111currentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 1:19 MinsThe Panasonic BL-C131A Network Camera Wireless 802.11 is used all over my house as a nanny cam and I recently used it while traveling to see my family as they got together in the kitchen. Great tool for bringing people closer.::Shawn Collins "Shawn"::5.0::October 3, 2007
R22QT28LYMHR1C::Everyone should have one, here are some tips::I love everything about this little cam.  If I could make it more "perfect" I'd give it a mechanical IR cutoff filter so that it could work it complete darkness using IR LEDs.  Outdoors, this can see in dim light until about an hour after sunset.  Even though the cam says it is for indoor use only, I've had it mounted under a sheltered roof eave working fine for the past 6 months.  Another one in the outdoor hallway at my brother's house is subject to -20C temps and still keeps going.  So it seems OK outdoors as long as it doesn't get wet.  You can download a very useful Windows Vista Sidebar gadget to display the live cam images on the Vista desktop.  Go to the Windows Live Gallery and search for Panasonic.  With this gadget I have a bird's eye peripheral view on the desktop.  It's great to bring the outside world inside.::FlyingPolarBear::5.0::January 11, 2008
R3TGWESVHCN0AQ::This camera rocks!::Panasonic did a kick-a** job on this one.  I guess the prevous model, the no-sound BL-C30A has been around for a while, but this one, the BL-C131A adds sound and I get the impression a better web interface. Easy enough to set up, full of features that took a little bit to learn, but now easy enough to use. I especially like that the cam can store something like 130 images in time and in motion detect buffers (depends on image size). Once you set these up it is cool to look back in time and see what happened. Motion detect is configurable in many ways, as is the periodic timer. I have not tried multiple cams yet, but you can configure one IP address to access several cameras they say. I just ordered a second camera. The microphone is very sensitive - awesome. I get pretty decent frame rate from my home using RoadRunner cable modem -- several images per second. I get a good wireless connection from anywhere in my house, including the garage. Can't say enough good things about this camera. Thanks Panasonic!::BlinkDog::5.0::May 13, 2007
R112I426BIF29D::A wireless camera worth the price!::It was the glowing reviews here on Amazon that made me decide to invest in this fascinating little camera, and those reviews were spot on. I, like a few others, originally spent about $100 on the Linksys camera - which is a complete waste of time and money. The Panasonic camera blows away the cheap imitations, and the saying, "You get what you pay for" could never be truer.If you're like I was, and feel hesitant to purchase the camera because of the high(er) cost, trust me - it's worth every penny. Take that advice from someone who tried to save a few bucks with a cheaper camera.The resolution is great, panning functions are superb, sound is crisp, and the free hosting is fantastic. Plus the advanced functions are more than I could have asked for. And unlike the Linksys camera, this one doesn't bog down my whole network while streaming video. We'll be sure to buy a few more of these in the near future.My only complaint... the lack of support in Firefox. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. IE handles it without any problems.::John C. Derrick "JCDerrick"::5.0::October 19, 2007
R1XDG3CMGMLQ6X::Best Affordable Surveillance Camera System::I have two of these at home and I love them.  The picture is not the greatest, but it is good enough.  You can still read a car's license plate or recognize a person's face from the images. What I like about them is how easy they are to monitor and control remotely, how they email images when they detect motion, and how affordable they are.  The cameras are very reliable.  I have had one for almost a year and it has never stopped working or lost connection or anything like that.I have them both inside, facing the outside through a glass window, one facing the front yard and the other one facing the back yard.  I use a mini "spider" tripot to hang them on the window.  I have the sound turned off on both.  I have the motion detection turn on.  They send me emails with images when they detect motion. I have an email account created exclusively for this.  They do not have night vision, but that is not a problem for me since I also have motion lights in the front and back of the house.  The images and video are recorded on the memory inside the camera, and it can be overwritten when the camera runs out of memory space, but I have the images emailed to me so I still get those images that get overwritten in the camera.Each camera comes with a web based software that allows you to monitor and control the camera.  Panasonic offers a free service that allows me to monitor multiple cameras at the same time remotely, using Internet Explorer.  The first thing I do when I get to work is log on to this service so that I can monitor my home front and back from work.  Each camera is password protected.  So nobody can access your cameras even if they know the URL, unless they also know the user id and password.You can download firmware updates from the Panasonic website.The only problem I see with this camera is that the software uses Activex Controls.  So the software works only with Internet Explorer and I don't think it will work with other web browsers such as FireFox.  This is not a problem for me since I don't mind using IE, but I can see where this might bother other people.  Other than this, I highly recommend this camera.::Mercado::5.0::March 13, 2009
R100KR70B0YHT8::How to set up this wonderful product::This camera is fabulous.  Good resolution, features, and FREE internet access.  (By-the-way, you need a router.) It is a no-brainer to set up to use in your home or office.  However, if you want to view from the web, then you will need to make one or two calls.  I spent two days trying to do this before I went looking for their number.  There are just too many conflicts to do yourself.  But don't worry.  Once you have their number, its a breeze and takes only about 10 minutes!  Okay, world, here is their direct tech line:  800-272-7033.  If you are somewhat savvy, here is one important tip for internet access:  set your port # at 5000.  Now, if you have DSL (not cable broadband) you will most likely need to make a second call...to your DSL tech people.  The problem is that DSL modems have a built in router which needs to be set for "bridge mode" which turns off the internal router.  You can't have two routers in the same line and get this to work over the web.  And you don't have their secret codes to control their modem.  Again, no problem.  Took about 5 minutes once I had them on the phone (they are used to this issue and well practiced).Again, hope this is helpful.  Its a wonderful product and their FREE web address is a terrific extra (I had a D-link cam and they charged an annual fee for their web connection!)::Theodore Lesnett::5.0::August 9, 2007
R1VNFL15JMI1KR::After a lot of experience with DLink bought BL-C131A::Hi, I had been a long user of DLink 5300W Wireless network camera for about 4 years,it was a pain in installing and wirelessly setting up that one, that camera just gave up like a month ago. 500 bucks down the toilet.After reading a lots of reviews from many sites, finally decided to try this one, amazon had a great deal about 2 weeks ago, bougth itthen and voila, it was just great, a clearer image, easy setup and intuitive web interface, quickly connected to wireless, no signal losses or no interference. Wow.It's been 2 weeks I have been using it and to tell you the truth, I am loving it everyday, just placed an ortder for another one on ebay.The Pan & tilt is little shorter than my DLink, but I can live with that. Recording software comes with the Camera is just too good. Breeze to set up.I would say go for it. (I can tell after 4 years of experience with similar other cameras).::Gadget FreaK "Gadget FreaK"::5.0::November 12, 2007
R13JANI59DK2BS::A great camera - just had some teething problems::I've had this camera at home for about 2 weeks and I am almost to the point where I am ready to return it.  On the surface the product works well, the picture and audio are fine.  The external viewing capability is not as easy to get working as other reviewers have indicated, so that is still on my to-do list.  The major problem i have with the camera is the fact that it hogs my wifi network and interferes with server-to-server connections I have at home.  I am in the middle of copying a whole bunch of files from one PC to another, then I turn on this camera and the connection is lost.  Also, if the camera is running and showing a picture and audio is coming in normally, then I start to do something else on the network (not necessarily on the wifi network) the picture will freeze and the camera no longer responds.  I have lost track of the number of times I have had to restart the camera.  I have upgraded the firmware, reset to factory settings and have not found a solution yet.  I am a day or two away from giving up and sending this camera back and going with another vendor.  I will update the review if I find out what the problem is later.  If I could get passed this issue, I'm sure I would love the camera and give it 5 stars.--Update:  I fumbled around with the settings a little more and have managed to get everything working.  It seemed that I had an IP conflict with two other devices on my network that was somehow causing the camera to freeze - since I have resolved that the camera has never stopped.  Also somehow the internet viewing capability is now working too, although I am unable to move the camera when viewing it remotely - I get "error on page" when using the navigation buttons.  I am now raising this from 3 stars to 5 stars - and hope that I can figure out what the remote nav problem is soon.::VTB::3.0::February 8, 2008
RFUS6R2VFV5Y0::My Panasonic BL-C131A::I bought this camera on Amazon a year ago at the end of August.  After searching the web it looked like this was the camera to get.  The decision was based on the quality of the image and the high praise for the U.S. based help center that they provided while you are setting up the camera.  After a few blitches and calls to the help center I was up and running and very happy.  Then the camera died with a blinking red light.  I finally got around to calling the service center help desk. It is now located in Jamaica and the phone connection was poor and there was a real language barrier.  After some trouble shooting, I basically was politely told that the camera was defective and that I should return it by tracked mail to their service center in Georgia.  The camera was still under warranty and I sent it off priority mail.  In less than a week I got a call from the Panasonic Service Center in Georgia and I could hardly understand the technician on the other end of the line as his foreign accent and poor English were distracting.  He said it had a water spot and the warranty was void.  When I talked to his supervisor (also foreign and next to impossible to understand) I was told that there was a spot on a circuit board from a water droplet and that the warranty was therefore void.  I asked him about a possible repair and he said it would cost more to replace it than for me to buy a new camera.  I asked that the camera be returned to me and that they should leave it unassembled so that I could see the spot.  They marked the spot with a marker pin.....at best a faint dull colored area of apparent corrosion on a thin metal strip on the board half way inside the camera.  There was no indication of any water having been inside the camera and the area of corrosion was towards the center back of the camera and not near the small openings on the bottom of the case where water might have entered.  Best I can tell, it could have been a point of inside condensation due to high humidity. So less than one year of usage and a returned product with no letter of regret or explanation other than a cost sheet that said "not economicalrepair".  Well, not the experience I expected after all the research I had done.::Arthur V. Douglas::1.0::September 1, 2010
RTQMB1W43DEVF::Finally get this to work on my Airport Extreme::As K. Lam mentioned on his review, the Panasonic tech supports are EXTREMELY helpful and very knowledgeable. They were so nice that I had to send them a compliment letter. Anyhow, I will explain steps how to get this camera working properly with Apple Airport Extreme router since it doesn't have UPnP, so the configuration is a bit different than other routers.**I'm going to explain how to get it to worked with Airport section only. For basic set up, read on K. Lam review on the "Most helpful customer reviews" section. He explains it very clearly and it's pretty similar to Mac as well.**1. MAKE SURE your modem is FULLY bridged. If you use Comcast like me, call the tech support and have them checked if it is fully bridged. Because I use Comcast Business with a modem (SMC) that doesn't support full function bridge, I couldn't get it to work for about a month thinking the unit is defect. Ok, hook your camera to Airport Extreme and make sure you choose the "wire" section on your camera.2. After you get step one checked, type 10.0.1.253 on your web browser. It should bring you to Panasonic top page (set up home page). Type username and password if necessary.3. Click on the "Set up" tap on the top of the page. Now there should be more taps on the left i.e. Network (IPv4), Network (IPv6) etc.4. Click on Network (IPv4)-->Connection Mode-->Static-->Network Configuration from Setup Program-->EnableInternet Connection-->Port No.-->5000  -->IP Address-->10.0.1.253  -->Default Gate way and DNS depends on your internet provider (mine is 10.0.1.1 for both Default Gateway and Primary Server Address) Secondary Server Address leave blank.5. If you want to the camera to connect to your wireless, click on the wireless tab and input the SSID and Network key.6. Click on Dynamic DNS. Create your own Dynamic DNS by selecting Viewnetcam.com and click next. Follow the instruction guided.Save your progress. That should be all for configuration on the browser.Next, on your Mac, click on Application-->Utilities-->Airport UtilityYou should see your Airport Extreme main page.1. Click on "Manual set up" button. input your password, if asked.2. On the top page, there should be 5 icons; Airport, Internet, Printers, Disks, and Advanced. Click on Advanced-->Port Mapping3. Input as following  Public UDP Port(s): leave it blank  Public TCP Port(s): 5000  Private IP Address: 10.0.1.253  Private UDP Port(s) leave it blank  Private TCP Port(s): 5000Then click continue. You can name it whatever you like. I name it as Camera. Then click done.THAT'S IT!!! You should be able to connect your camera remotely. check by typing httt://xxx.viewnetcam.com:5000 (xxx is the name you set up before on step 6) if you are able to view it there. You are done.If not? Call 1800 211 7262 This is direct Panasoic Net Camera Department. They are very helpful. They even talked to tech support for Comcast to solve the issue for me!!!! I'm really impressed. I just wrote an email to consumerproduct09@US_panasonic.com If you get help from their tech support too, I think they deserve a compliment letter. We need more customer service like this!::Gatget_Lover "AsianTom"::5.0::May 2, 2009
RBPQ3RJBKRFT2::Nice Webcam for Mac::Nice product, but the documentation could be a little better for a Mac.  Once I found that the default IP address was 192.168.0.253 I was able to get into the unit and configure all the options I wanted.  So you can basically toss the diskette they send since is PC only.  In general the documentation is useless but who reads that stuff mostly anyway.  Got it configured to do wireless communications with my Apple Airport nicely.  Haven't set up a DDNS yet, but that will be next.  The triggers are a little odd, not sure I understand them but I'm sure I'll figure them out.  The main thing is it works with Safari over the Internet.  I'm a happy camper.::Glen Clark "CCIE Bound"::4.0::September 27, 2008
R174JP1STJSM7E::Great Network Camera::This Panasonic network camera works great.  I had to call their toll free number two or three times for help.  They stayed on the telephone for nearly two hours each time and guided me through the installation and trouble shooting.::Basavapatna Sridhara "Si Bas"::5.0::March 30, 2008
R1BU6QK9E6RNF6::Has trouble with wireless security::I've had this camera for over a year now and although I'm happy with the video monitoring performance I have a lot problems with it when I set up wireless security on my wireless router.If I set any type of wireless encryption on the router and set the camera to the same security it will not establish a connection.If I set up MAC address filtering on the router the camera will still not establish a connection.The only way I can use the router in wireless mode is to have a completely unsecured wireless network.I've updated the camera BIOS to no avail. I have other devices that connect flawlessly (laptops & Wii), but this camera is a no go.Not recommended if wireless security is important to you.::ganymede7::2.0::August 10, 2009
R1J1S5O80YP1V3::Amazing::I was pleasantly surprised at how easy the camera was to setup. I am still trying to figure out all the options for Internet access, but the options used so far have been great. There is a wide range of pan and tilt. The zoom is electronic. So the zoomed images are pretty fuzzy.After several months of use, I feel I need to mention some problems. This camera can provide direct Internet access without having to go through a local computer. But it eventually loses Internet access. I can only remotely keep an eye on things because I have a local computer that I can remotely access. I can use that to make a local network connection to restore camera Internet functions. When a power outage went beyond battery backup up time for the remote computer, all was lost until I returned to the site to get things going again.::rblaw::5.0::October 10, 2007
R2ITPJSRJNHB7S::Panasonic BL-C131 Great Camera::I have looked at several wireless camera and found most of them had similar features, However, the reviews on the other cameras made me think twice. The reviews on this camera was positive and so I purchased the camera. The camera does a good job with Pan and Scan (only wish it was 180 degree) Hook-up and local viewing was simple. I did have a problem with setting it up for Internet access and found that my Vonage adapter would not let me have internet access but the tech and panasonic was excellent. He walked me thru the system and now I have Internet access. Here are some key things you need to know. The name of your wireless router must be the same on your camera setup. Don't use the default port of 80. If you have an VOIP call the tech at panasonic.This is a great product. The motion sensor works great.::Robert Takahashi "H204"::5.0::July 31, 2007
R2H8QOHIZYZ95::Good quality images. Defective and unreliable hardware::I own two of these units purchased new from 2 different sellers (retail store and Amazon)..The camera works well when it works. The image quality is good during the day (upto 640x480) and acceptable when it get darker (it has no night vision/infrared capabilities so is unusable at night).Motion detection also works well and the web interface allows you to view and manage the camera from any computer with a web browser.The main problem I have with this camera, however, is the wireless capability died on the first camera I got within 8 months (hard-line ethernet network still works but loss of Wifi capability severely limits placement locations). I thought this was just bad luck and continued operating the unit on the wired-ethernet.A few months later afterward however, the *2nd* camera's Wifi died.Hardware failure on one wifi chip in the camera may just be bad luck but failure in two different cameras indicates bad quality control. Googling this issue found many other users of this camera with the same problem so be aware of this issue if you plan on using the wireless capabiltities.::Jon Davis "Jon"::3.0::September 11, 2010
R3D9FJ6ABAOVE::Except for Microsoft ActiveX Controls, it's a good buy::My wife and I were - like other reviewers - looking for a way to monitor the nanny while at work. We bought the camera based on reviews here.The documentation while thorough is really written for the tech savvy. Fortunately, their tech support is VERY GOOD and they can walk you through the setup, even if you are working with an unsupported system (I have a Mac connected through an AirPort station and was using a Firefox browser - they prefer Windows OS using an IE browser). They got me up and running just fine - very polite and patient.My biggest complaint is that some of the functionality - namely zoom and the microphone - are built with ActiveX controls that only work in the IE browser. MAny  corporate information security groupS (like the one I have at work) disable the ActiveX controls for security reasons. As a result, I have to use an alternative browser and can't take advantage of the zoom and microphone features while at work.Still, being able to monitor the nanny visually has been a big relief and this was a good buy (AT&T; offers video monitoring as a service using a cheaper Panasonic camera, the same equipment investment, and the privilege of paying them $10/month for essentially the same thing.)::Debasish Mishra::4.0::January 3, 2008
RN0VZX2MD36PC::Fanastic Purchase::I could not be happier with my purchase.  Especially after my disastrous experience with D-Link.  D-Link had claimed their camera was Wi-Fi enabled with WPA-PSK...It wasn't and I had to return the cameras purchased - was quite an ordeal.  This camera does everything D-Link failed to do and more.  Configuration very easy, Viewnetcam utilziation for free away from home monitoring, email forwarding.  Sure, it took some periodic tweaking getting all the features to work, but once it did, it operates perfectly and consistently so.  Definitely recommend this purchase.::Tri Guy::5.0::September 12, 2007
R19XPX6NRA9WV7::Great Buy!!::Great camera for its price.  Good picture quality and sound.  When audio is set only halfway to it's maximum I can actually hear the lawn mowers the gardeners outside are using!::The Two Hsus::4.0::July 26, 2007
R2L2RGH9LJ0MP5::Very good product, extraordinary customer support::I got this for monitoring my pet remotely. It has been completely reliable, the image quality is fine for the purpose and for such a small device, ease of remote use through my Windows mobile phone is good. It is compact and attractive enough that it doesn't look weird or obtrusive sitting in my living room bookcase.I have had trouble setting it up, but that's because of my own lack of expertise configuring my wireless network. Configuring a wireless camera with a high level of WiFi security such as I use is complex and beyond my capability.Fortunately the customer service is absolutely superb. Seth at Panasonic stayed with me on the phone until everything was working completely properly, he was able to figure everything out despite some ignorant and misleading input from me (I told him I didn't use MAC filtering, but I actually do, which sent him and me on a wild goose chase). Several months later I messed up my wireless router settings, and got Rachel at Panasonic on the phone. Rachel's support was equally professional, patient, and completely effective.I wouldn't be able to use a device such as this without the kind of support Panasonic provides, and probably wouldn't buy another one if it weren't for the support I received. I am considering adding another network camera soon, and it will be a Panasonic almost without question. My experience with this camera and Panasonic's customer support has given me a very strong bias toward Panasonic in several other electronics purchases since then, including a cordless phone and flat-screen TV.::Craig Finley "Groenlo"::5.0::March 13, 2010
RG15L4UHNRTUF::Great Product!::Had a slight amount of difficulty getting connected to my wireless network-but was able to figure it out without tech help.  Did call tech help to view remotely over the viewnetcam website, but it's up and running well-they are very helpfull.  Can check it on my iphone from nearly anywhere, although without sound on Safari or Firefox, sound seems to only work on IE.  Seems to reconnect very well after unplugging or power outages.  All in all a very good product-no major complaints.::D B::5.0::January 8, 2010
R2W2RUMU02LOBC::Okay in full light...::We bought our camera to monitor our toddler while he's in his room.  I picked the Panasonic because it had a good reputation of not disconnecting, something a prior camera we had purchased had problems with.  True enough, the connection was rock solid.  And it's a quiet camera too, like a whisper.  BUT... the image was heavily pixelated compared to other netcams, and it's absolutely horrible in low light.  If you closed the shades in the room during the day, or tried to operate it at night with a small night light, you got a solid black screen.  The image size on your computer is also very small compared to others I've seen.  To add to the issues, the mounting bracket was a joke and there is no ability whatsoever for a ceiling mount - it's wall mount only.  Finally, the range of scan was very limited.  In the end, we returned this camera, mostly because of the pathetic performance in low light.::Jay Chen::2.0::December 3, 2009
R30B77AEDI9TER::Best camera I've used to date::Prior to this camera, I owned two of DLink's entry level wireless cameras. Those cameras had their pros and cons, but the Panasonic DL-C131A is so much a better camera. Images are viewable, but you won't be able to see detailed features. However, you will definitely have no problem determining who or what your watching.The camera has so many different settings, it may take a while to learn your way around. Best part of this learning process is Panasonic makes troubleshooting very easy. Within the Maintenance menu is a table of status codes. If there is an error, you can look up the error code and resolve the issue. There was point when I thought I was going to need to contact CS, but the error code troubleshooting helped me out tremendously.The camera is wall mountable either by mounting directly to the wall or purchasing a wall mounting bracket (a standard single speaker wall bracket). The power adapter's cord is nice and long (about 6 feet) too.Amazon's price for this camera has been all over the place. I luckily caught it when it was at its lowest price to date. For the price, you get a lot of value, especially compared to anything remotely close to it in its price range.::E::4.0::December 29, 2007
R1FJ1O2ZJMS1HF::Good camera, for 2004, but not anymore::After reading all of the glowing reviews, I had to try it out.  I can understand why so many people loved it, 6-8 years ago, but there are several other cameras on the market now that offer better video quality for less money.  The Foscam camera has much better video quality and offers all the same options, but sells for $90.  I connected both cameras and viewed them on the same monitor at the same time, side by side.  Hands down, the Foscam looked much better.  This was very grainy compared to the Foscam.::Mike005::3.0::November 23, 2011
R3QWDD4CZ6D4D7::It works with a Mac...::Got it installed and running in about an hour. Had my iMac running Parallels (WindowsXP) to do the setup. Went smoothly until the section on configuring the UPnP with the router. UPnP doesn't work with the Apple Airport Extreme. Call to the tech support: excellent support, domestic, knowledgeable, not rushed. My tech, Curtis, knew where to go, what to input. Macs were not a red-headed stepchild with Panasonic's tech support. :: Running great, especially with my iPhone. I use a product named iCam to send images to the phone. iCam even sends a push alert when there's movement in the view. Great for keeping an eye on the house when I'm at work. :: The takeaway: expensive but works great.::David D. Schultz::4.0::October 14, 2009
R11623NW4MMMNT::Glad I listen to the reviews, this works beautifully::I spend literally hours reading reviews of many different wireless camera's and nothing came close to the views this one received. Of the lower ratings, most complained of trouble accessing the camera via the internet. Granted, I'm not a wiz with porting and forwarding, in fact I didn't really know what that meant when reading the reviews. So when I began installing the camera, I followed the directions for getting it set up to view via my home network (different from viewing via the internet)that part was a breeze. When it came to setting up the internet capabilities I decided why get fustrated, so many raved of the customer support. So I called them, and they walked me through it step by step and in about 10 minutes everything was working perfectly. I called the following day with a question about sharing my videos with family members in other states, and again walked me through it in no time. This is a great camera and yes its more pricey than many other wireless, but read the reviews on those and you'll be more than happy to spend the additional money, I know I am :)PS Panasonic C.S. is Awesome! I'm planning to buy at least one more.::Steve NY::5.0::September 20, 2009
R1SUVV340M7FAI::still room for improvement, but...::i'm glad to say that this network camera works with Internet Explorer 8 (video and audio), but has no audio when using Firefox.the video is quite grainy, especially when the background is really bright, but good enough nonetheless.  the trigger (motion, sensor, or timer) e-mail notification does not work with my AT&T; account due to the SMTP encryption, so i resulted to opening a free email account with [...](as suggested by the Panasonic tech support) and it works like a champ (using SMTP port 465)!  just make sure you schedule the trigger appropriately, otherwise you may fill up your inbox in no time.the audio is quite sensitive and it picks up sound from kids playing outside.tech support has been quite helpful, and they are here in AMERICA!!!  which makes the price of this camera well worth it!edit 08/11/09:there seems to be a few folks having problems with wireless connectivity.  may i suggest trying to assign a static IP address to the camera, and assign it one of the higher numbers (for example: 192.168.1.175, as opposed to 192.168.1.65).  i believe most problems occur from IP address conflict.  hope this helps.edit 08/13/09:well, i got a pleasant surprise just now....the video quality improved considerably!  i'm not sure what happened but when i tried to view the camera through IE8 a pop up window came up about a licensing agreement with Panasonic (and of course i clicked on "agree"), and now the video is about 97.5% less grainy!::Dan::4.0::August 8, 2009
R3AD6JI9CEZ9NO::Homer Homeowner Installs a Wireless Camera in Kennel::I had this camera up and running out in my dog kennel in a 1/2 hour wirelessly 175 feet from the router. This time frame included a call to Panasonic and a call to my ISP. The wireless efficiency runs between 7-17%(weak to good). If I were to move the camera any further away(I tried)it loses the signal. Low light picture quality is non-existant. Even with a night light in the 5'x6' kennel you cannot see anything at night. Pan and tilt work fine. The microphone works fine. The software is easy to install and understand. Panasonic support is very helpful and they speak English!!! I bought a refurbished model and the tech never reset the user account with Panasonic in Japan. I contacted tech support and they had to send an email to Japan to have the user id reset. I cannot rate the internet capability yet until I can register the camera with [...]. All in all I'm ok with the product so far, nothing to write home about though! For the money I expected far more from this camera and the tech who refurbished it.::Homer Homeowner "Homer"::3.0::June 22, 2009
RBRQPW4S2G915::Beware of refurbished::I recently purchased a refurbished unit from Amazon.  While relatively complicated, I was able to get it to work on my home wireless network in a couple hours.  Next I tried to get it to work over the Internet.  It appeared that it had been registered for online use by the previous "owner".  I called Panasonic and they said it would take them TWO to THREE WEEKS to clear the registration.  This was a factory reconditioned device so I'm very frustrated by the delay.  I suspect many refurbished devices have been registered.  The Panasonic representative gave a quick response so it appears to be a common problem.  I tried to get them to exchange it but they said it was good product.  Apparently Panasonic considers a product good even if it will take weeks to get it to work as specified.This a a very complicated product and I would suggest that unless you able or willing to spend time tweaking your router, configuring the camera, and on the phone to Panasonic that you wait until they are more plug and play.  There is a reason Panasonic has knowledgeable tech support - lots of install problems!Addendum: 5/14/09 - Product is finally working and meets my expectations.  I called Panasonic after waiting a week for the camera's previous registration to be cleared (this prevented online use).  The support person indicated that the camera had been cleared and proceeded to help me setup online access.  I'm not sure why I never received an email saying the camera was ready.  I was also told that I was quoted 2-3 weeks because Panasonic Japan (server location) was scheduled for a 1-week shut-down for holiday.  Normally the camera registration can be cleared in 2-3 days.  The original support person should have said that - he  made it sound like 2-3 weeks was standard processing time.I'm very satisfied with the camera but still believe that to configure the camera/router for online access will require panasonic support for most users.::MN Engineer::2.0::May 1, 2009
R31YS5PYDN1CG8::Excellent hardware and tech support, terrible documentation::Have this system now completely functional.  One thing which you will have to bear in mind is that it's impossible to get the system working using the documentation which comes with it.  It took me three separate phone calls to work out all the kinks.  The first call was to access the camera on my home network, both in a wired format, as well as in the wireless format. The major problem here was that my wireless router didn't communicate easily with the camera.  The second call was to configure the camera and the software to provide me with web-access.  The third call was to figure out how to configure the recording function provided with the camera on my home computer.  Tech service is excellent - provided you are tech savvy, ask the right questions, and can read between their answers.  The quality of the tech support is also patchy - on my first call, I spoke with someone who was clearly tech savvy; on my second call, I spoke with someone else, and had to do most of the heavy lifting myself.  The third call was handled by someone who was adequate.  Having said all that, the product is excellent.  Works indoors like a charm, works through my front windows to monitor my driveway wonderfully, and has excellent picture quality during the day, or when lights are on, indoors.  Doesn't work well in pitch darkness.  Now that it's completely functional, I love it.::Captain Uncle::4.0::April 7, 2009
RRLNE4VRBUCB9::An excellent wireless camera::This camera is excellent. I can log onto it from my iPhone and see what's going on at the house while I'm away. It has a long electrical cord, which makes it easy to place wherever it is needed. To move it, just unplug it and plug it into the new location.The software can also be set to automatically upload pictures to a web site at a periodic interval.The only downside about this camera is that it takes a bit of figuring out. The manual is not very useful, particularly with regards to the software, but once you get it set up there's no maintenance to be done.::John S. Ruzicka "John R"::5.0::March 21, 2009
RKQ5EQKZXYY5F::Awesome WebCam::I own 6 webcams from two different manufacturers (Toshiba, D-Link). This Panasonic blows them all away. Setup was a breeze, Image quality is great (although it doesn't do as well as my Toshiba in low light) and the performance of it's "streaming" video mode is 2-3x better (frame rate) than my other cams. I thought the motion-detect/store would be a "throw-away" feature, but it's turned out to be very effective. I'm planning on gradually replacing my other cams with more of the Panasonics! Very highly recommended!::D. Rasor::5.0::October 12, 2008
R2SJDTZSGIDDKT::Great all around Camera ! Beware its not plug and play !!::This is overall a great camera. If you are looking for a basic camera that allows you to watch your kids or pets than its great. Don't expect high resolutions or you will be disappointed. The camera is easy to install, but the wireless function requires a user with a little bit of knowledge in setting the network router.Great camera. I highly recommend it.To set up the wireless mode:Go Into your router and make sure it support port forwarding. Set both (the netcam and your router) with the same SSID name, and have both ports setup the same port number ( 50000). The manual doesn't help much, once you set up both port number to 50000 than switch to the wireless mode. I was having difficulty at first , but it is mostly due to the router setting. So make sure your router is set right , the camera just autodetect right out of the box !! But you have to manually go into the netcam setup to change the port number !!Good Luck !!::J. Lee "P. of Plpc"::5.0::August 8, 2008
R22LSZ4TJDA05A::Great product and great support::Works great. Had some issues connecting to a Macintosh but with the assistance from their technical support it was nailed down very quickly and I can now access from outside my home network. All features can be configured via. the Mac from the administration interface the only things you can't access w/out Boot Camp and/or Parallels is the zoom/audio features. If you have a newer Mac that can run Windows then your golden.For configuration, I followed the steps provided in an earlier post and confirmed that they would work with the BL-C131A by emailing Panasonic. Panasonic's tech. support was great and very responsive to my needs.With the motion detection feature I was able to obtain photos of a visiting black bear in our yard while also triggering email when FedEx/UPS delivers packages.::David Klein "Dave"::5.0::July 7, 2008
R1E8LBBVX69FMP::Great Camera for the price::After reviewing the reviews on this camera I decided to give it a shot. Let me tell ya, this is a great camera for the price! I have mine looking out a window (not recommended but it works fine on clean windows!) on to my front porch to record motion. It does a great job capturing video and images and then sending that to where ever you like. I love the wireless capability! You might want to have a friend help you set it up for the internet if you are not tech savy but once you get it going it works great. You can control this camera from anywhere in the world with an internet connection and see what is going on at your home. The sound function is also nice but I did not feel the need to use it since I was monitoring outside. I could say more but there are plenty of other reviews out there. For what you get for your money, I would recommend this camera.  Although it is "wireless", you still need to be close to an electrical outlet to power the camera but since it is suppose to be for indoors, that should not pose to big of a problem.  UPDATE:  My camera recently caught a bunch of kids that have been trespassing and ringing my doorbell for months. The police and local crime watch were able to identify the kids and cite them!! Sweet, Sweet, justice!!  Thank you Amazon and Panasonic!::TJ "todd"::4.0::June 30, 2008
R3U53Y5C8E5J2T::Excellent camera and remote monitoring solution::I purchased this camera a few days ago after reading the reviews on here. I needed a way to monitor my puppy while my wife and I are at work. The setup only took about 15 minutes.  I have a Linksys 54g router and with the uPNP feature the camera basically configured itself.  I didn't have to manually open any ports or anything like that.  The picture is great. You can control the camera remotely.  You can add users and passwords and give the ability to log in and also entitle the user to different things such as only viewing still images, but no video so you can limit your bandwidth if you want.  It works pretty well in low light setting as well.  The recording software that comes with it is also great. My wife has a mac and she can view the video stream as well, but the audio doesn't work on the mac.  I am very happy with this product and would fully recommend it to anyone. It has a nice privacy feature as well where you can push a button and anyone viewing the camera will not be able to see anything so you dont have to constantly unplug it when you want to make sure it's off.::Chris::5.0::February 23, 2008
R3K2DSRLQE78T8::Great Value Wireless Network cam::I've been reading reviews on pan-tilt wireless cams for a long time and finally made the desc to purchase the Panasonic. I can say I'm extremely pleased with this product. It works perfectly! Image quality is great, sound quality is amazing (picks up any sound through out house) and the range is excellent. This is a very well designed camera... I paid $202 (delivered) which is a great value - same price as the no-name cameras that have rec mixed reviews. You will be pleased with this cam...::CA9449::4.0::January 20, 2008
RJ04YGCA0OIS6::Good Remote Camera::My Mother, who is 90, has been ill lately.  Since I don't live in the same town, I want to check on her, and have found that this is the best way to do a visual inspection.I think that this also gives her more of a sense of security,and that I am not to far away at any given moment.::Chigger::5.0::January 18, 2008
R2F7LEYJ3GEQAI::Excellent Productr::Bought this product after reading all the reviews at Amazon. I was looking for a wireless network camera that works well with Apple products. As commented by other people, product works perfectly, although it is marketed as Windows only. Technical support is excellent. Called them and spent an hour on the phone working with installation and making sure that everything was OK. I am already planning to buy a second of these cameras. It is true that there is no sound using Firefox or Safari, but this you can get with Explorer. The rest works perfectly. Strongly recommend Panasonic after this experience.::Tobias Stingelin::5.0::January 14, 2008
R2TAJUXBH86C2B::Muuuy bueno::I bought this camera to monitor a boutique I own overseas, yet I have only tested in the US. Everything went smooth, sort of like a plug and play device. Minor adjustments should be done to the camera settings to be able to view online. I found the best way to set the camera wireless, was by having both your wireless router administrator page and the camera administrator page open at the same time. This way you can switch from one to the other and simply copy and paste settings faster and more accurate.After 15 mins I was able to have my domain (free through viewnetcam.com) up and running. I moved the camera around and played with it. I downloaded the software which allows to record the streamed video to your PC, and it worked just great (is only good for one camera). I shared the domain with friends in NJ, NY and Costa Rica and they all were able to view the live video, and what surprised me the most, have complete control of the camera from their locations.The image quality is great, and the built-in microphone is extremely sensitive which can pick a sound from far away. Zoom is just what you would expect from a digital zoom and the motion sensor can be adjusted for sensitivity.I yet have to make it work overseas in Costa Rica, which may require a few more steps to go around the lame monopolistic telecomunication network, but as far for using in the US, it has been beyond my expectations.I think this camera kicks A$$!AJ::Arnaldo J Acosta "AJ"::5.0::December 18, 2007
R1TI7U3PHNJIRT::Network cam::Not too reliable. I can't keep the web based access working even with an auto restart everyday. I have to restart this camera about 2 a day to keep the web based access working. The local access works fine.::James A. Martin::1.0::February 17, 2010
RJOH85OA7YH56::Great camera but a bit expensive::Update: 10/15/11 - Still running 24/7 pointing out our front window near the door. It has been great seeing who comes by when you aren't home. I have it set to motion detect and it sends photos wirelessly to a server that is locked up. No problems at all running well over 3 years now.Update: I previously rated this 3 stars because I thought it was expensive. But after checking out other cams in the same price range I realized this is the best thing out there. Mine has been running for almost a year 24/7 and no problems!The features and support are the best.----------------------------------------------I have a network with several computers and a couple of servers. Setting up the camera is a bit more complex than connecting straight to a dsl or cable modem. There is the modem, the router/firewall, wireless router and then computers, servers and the camera. Configuration for the camera is actually done at the router even though communication is through the wireless. I have had it for a month now, it works great and I can view it through the Internet.I have my camera pointing out a window to the front of our house. The image isn't bad close in. You can definitely tell what is in view. But things get fuzzy with distance. At 30 feet or more you will have a tough time telling who it is. But up to a couple hundred feet you can still tell if it is human. Beyond that it is pretty much useless except for a house or car - you won't be able to make identification for anything smaller.I was hoping to be able to see what weather was coming but the sky is always white. Overall the image tends to be a bit bright even with adjustments. On a day of slight drizzle you couldn't tell at all. When it snowed you could tell something was happening. You can see the snow on the ground in front of the house.At night our porch is well lit and that is all you can see, about 30 feet of it. So if someone was messing around beyond that there won't be much evidence. It does pick up headlights as cars drive by - I didn't realize just how busy our street was!The camera can store video or images, images can be transfered (ftp) to a computer. There are five trigger options. However, you can only get ten seconds of video which is not much. So I have all five set to take images (about 3 per second) at different times of the day and ftp them to a computer.Motion detection works very well, maybe too well - I get 10 to 20 thousand images a day. I need to play around with the sensitivity. Sensor detection however did not work well for me at all. Maybe because it is near the window and it gets confused.I recently left town for a week with my netbook. I found a wireless connection and could check my house via the camera - it was awesome! The sound quality is also incredible. I called the house and could hear the phone, located in a different room, as if it were right next to the camera (otherwise there wasn't much going on - thank God!).Panasonic has great support. The fact that they even have someone you can call free is a miracle these days. And the support person and I could understand each other!This is a great little camera. it works as advertised and they have great support. However, I think they are a bit over priced. I got a great deal through a Gold Box offer. I want to get a couple more but I can't justify paying almost $300 for one. But then again all cameras of this type seem over priced to me. I believe price is part of the factor so for that I give it 3 stars.::SMXSteve::3.0::March 10, 2009
R3FQ59SA0DC3RA::Almost useful::This camera has decent quality components for adequate image quality, and capable motion sensing that includes versatile scheduling options, but it is hobbled with several usability omissions.While it includes the ability to schedule motion detection, which the Linksys WVC200 sorely lacks, and does allow ftp transfers of video when triggered, it surprisingly omits an option to email a video file, only allowing email of a single image, (not even several images per email). That falls short of the WVC200, which can email an MPEG-4 clip when triggered. Another seemingly obvious oversight is the inability to turn off all activity lights. While there's an option to turn off the power light, it completely ignores control of the light that blinks when it is supposed to inconspicuously detect motion.As another reviewer wrote, the author of the manual is clearly not a native English speaker, which prompts the question of why a company the size of Panasonic couldn't run it by anyone state side, who would have immediately caught things like: "Encryption is a help to avoid being read the data within wireless LAN by others." and more. Finally the bundled software only includes a Web based monitor, (which seems to require repeated installations of the ActiveX applets for MPEG-4 and MJPEG players), while the Linksys supplies a fully functional desktop monitor application, with recording schedules and archive playback, (but no scheduled motion detection), although only for a PC.Non-PC users might find this among their better options as it does function, (without audio), in non-IE browsers, including Safari, and Panasonic has far better tech support than Linksys, but PC users might find a better interface in the Linksys.::green field "greenfield"::3.0::July 25, 2008
R23WKZJGQ7ENXR::Outstanding Product -- Lots of Features::I installed this product a couple of days ago and I am thrilled with it.  I am using it at my vacation home in Tahoe to check the weather remotely, so that I can monitor my driveway / deck melt systems during snow storms.  What's good about this camera is that it can be totally controlled remotely through Panasonics hosted free web site.  You can view, pan, set pre-sets, and make many adjustments remotely.  A great feature is the ability to set up a trigger event, using its built in motion sensor, so that it sends me an email -- including multiple pictures when triggered.  That's really good for security purposes.It does take some time to get this unit to communicate properly through your router, but with some patience, the effort is worth it.  If you have a secured network, you need to put its two MAC addresses in your router -- there is one for the camera and one for the wireless module.  I cut and pasted them to the router MAC list.There is so much that you can do with this camera, and the Manual on the CD is very helpful in this respect.::Goldrush::5.0::January 31, 2008
R2PIJ38T09WI0X::No Audio on Macs, or Mac Instructions or Support (But Otherwise Works)::I thought I would add to my experience with setting up a BL-131A on my MacBook (OS X 10.5) incase anyone else is searching for help as I was, since Panasonic provides no instructions or support for Macs.I bought my BL-131A for two purposes; first to watch my dogs during the day, and two to watch my house when on vacation. I liked the idea that it's wireless (which was easy to log into my home WiFi network) and has motion detection. Well of course the install CD is just for Windows. So while searching on google by the camera model and "OS X" as I was originally told that it would work on a Mac, I found a tech page that said to entire 10.0.1.253 into Safari that will bring up the camera's web software! And it did!I also registered at [...] for my own web address to view and control the camera from the internet (outside of my home network). The registration instructions said that I would receive an email, which I assumed I would have to receive before the web address worked? However I found out that the cam was showing up on the internet without this email (just took a day or so).Now for vacations, I have also setup the motion detection which is a great security feature to keep an eye on my home when I am gone. It will email up to three email addresses with a picture it takes every second (for as long as I want) when it detects anything that moves in front of the camera, which I have it set to email the pictures to my iPhone for one. Very, very cool!As far as the camera, I'm pleased with it as it is easy to use. Of course I'll note that the audio does not work for Macs and from another web site I read, someone said that Panasonic may do an update in the it's firmware to make audio work on Macs (but nothing as of yet and it's been more then six months since I bought mine). Plus the I don't have a mouse with a click wheel, so I can't get the camera to zoom in (which I read that it is suppose to do?).I can already see purchasing another camera, however that is if Panasonic gets the audio to work for Macs, which is why I am only giving this a three star rating. It would also be nice for Panasonic to include some OS X instructions!UPDATE: Being that I was in part using this camera as a dog cam, it turns out that it's long power cord was an attraction for one of my dogs. She was tugging at it and brought the camera down to the floor which landed on a metal base of a lamp. The fall was hard enough that it scratched the camera's plastic cover, and as a result the camera is no long working. All attempt to reset it have failed.I would like another one, but I think I'll wait and hope that in the future Panasonic releases a more Mac compatible camera. I'll also note that I posted this same review on Panasonic's web site for this camera, and they would not post it there. Looks like they only want five-star ratings! Shame on them.::A. Meyer::3.0::August 19, 2009
R28GFFVMCVAIL8::Frustrating ...::Well, I've had this camera for a week and it works fine in wired mode but have not had any luck with it working in wireless mode ... tech support has so far not been any help? It works for a minute or two then freezes up ... they claim it must be my new "N" router but I have several laptops, both PC and Mac and a three year old wireless HP printer that connects without any issues. I connected it to another router and had the same issue ...::wahoo::1.0::August 10, 2009
R3HDQDT3CH7KKT::Great... until you have to ftp or wait for Panasonic tech to call back::The BL-C131A netCam works pretty well and is easy to setup. There is no way to store video on the cam so you have to ftp your data to another drive. I chose a Seagate GoFlex FreeAgent 1TB network drive. Big Problem.... The Panasonic software will not allow an FTP destination to have a <space> in the path name which is fixed on the Seagate. I have called Panasonic and have yet to hear from them.::walker::2.0::March 18, 2011
R1FDFRH9I0Z7QK::Excellent security camera, will buy another::I set up my camera to connect to my wireless network and send an MMS message to my cell phone with a photo once every ten minutes if motion is detected. This was free by using my wireless phone provider's email-to-MMS gateway. Also, if motion is detected I have it set up to continuously upload images to a free FTP host. This has worked great and always detects people correctly. I've been using this setup for 6 months so far and it has only given around two false alarms. However, I had to close the blinds and put on a dim light to get this low rate of false alarms as sudden changes in sunlight or shade may cause an alarm. The best thing about the camera is that you don't need to have a computer running to make it work.Two cons of this camera are that it can be difficult to set up if you are not tech-savvy and there could be better security. E.g., you can only log into the camera through HTTP instead of HTTPS, meaning your password could be captured by someone while you are logging into your camera. Also, you can't use SFTP or SMTP with TLS/SSL so your password could be captured in those cases as well. It would be nice if there was a firmware update that addressed those issues.::Marty::5.0::October 30, 2010
R3B0W2Y0OFRNC9::Excellent Camera, but could use a little more detail in video::Just bought this Camera and I'm pretty impressed with it. Software and setup was easy and well thought out, however I'm a little disappointed in the image quality detail. I have a Linksys WVC54GCA wireless webcam ($120non-pan&zoom;) as well and a side by side comparison the quality/detail on the Linksys is a little better in my opinion and produces more realistic color and definition (look at the detail in the cups and dishes on the table, however to be fair the pany does have better low light sensitivity as you can see in my photo capturing the items in the background but at a cost of washing out some other things that are well lit. In this comparison picture, both camera's are setup next to each other and a snapshot was taken at the same time. They both were configured for best quality at 1024 minimum kbps at 640x480 15frames per second. Wired and wireless for the pany yielded no difference. Viewing it from a browser or on my iPod touch you can notice the difference right away. Overall I think the trade off from low light sensitivity to image quality is acceptable, and I will be buying another pany for another part of the house, but will be using the Linksys where the details matters more and don't need PZT. If you can't get to this link then i'll upload a photo to Amazon. [...]::D. Nguyen::4.0::February 1, 2010
R1GEA6G0K8ASY4::Great Cam, but watch MAC Filtering Setup::I now have three of the 131 wirelesses. Read the specs...its resolution and fixed focus is as described. If these are sufficient for your application, it is a great camera, but do not expect sharp long range vistas taken through your window. That takes $600 to $1000+ camera. For this camera, think 5 to 50 feet range with images twice as good as a standard USB webcam but only half as good as a decent standard definition camcorder.One thing I don't now why is so hidden in the documentation, is what MAC addresseS to set in your router if you use MAC filtering for security. You need to enter TWO (2) MAC addresses in your router. 1st the one labelled on the camera and that appears on the Easy Setup screen plus many other places AND  after you have connected to the camera the 2nd one hidden under the MAINTENANCE tab WIRELESS STATUS side tab, the BSSID address must also be entered in you router's allowed MAC address list. This is either the next letter or number (varies) in the last (12th position) from the main MAC address. Example: If main MAC is 00:90:F0:B7:1H:3C then 2nd is 00:90:F0:B7:1H:3D or if 00:90:F0:B7:1H:37 then 00:90:F0:B7:1H:38.Internet viewing and control works perfectly on both my wife's and my 3GS iPhones. But, it is very slow if your connection is Edge rather than 3G or wifi.The web interface is fine for locally or remotely viewing and controlling a camera. It is very weak for surviellence and recording use. And the Panasonic software for this purpose is absurdly expensive for what it does. Search online and you will find something that will fit you needs for $35 to $100. I use and like Active WebCam Deluxe from PY Software at $89.::C. Young "clay2young"::5.0::January 31, 2010
RDT5L8KFHT6S::Feature Rich Wireless Network Camera - Highly Recommended!::The "Panasonic BL-C131A Network Camera" is a feature rich wireless network camera that was surprisingly easy to setup for both in home viewing and Internet access. I was slightly concerned after reading the detailed steps in K. Lam's excellent review (currently the top review for this product) but now think that it must be dated since the included software took care of all the steps, including setting up the Internet access and free viewnetcam account.The box includes the camera, power supply, various mounting hardware, a security cable, documentation and quick start guides, and installation CD.The initial configuration of the camera requires it to be connected to your router with an Ethernet cable (not included) so it can be discovered by the installation software. Setup is very easy once the camera is discovered, but you must know your wireless SSID and security settings if you are going to use this in the wireless mode (also remember to set the switch on the bottom when finished).Once the basic setup is complete, the setup for remote Internet viewing next. The scary part of K. Lam's walk-through was not needed as the camera software took care of the port forwarding by talking directly to the router and then connected me to the viewnetcam website for registration. Once that was complete, I had my own easy to remember URL for viewing and controlling my camera. Total setup time was about 30 minutes and no calls to the tech support line were required.You connect to the camera via your standard browser (IE 7, Safari, and Firefox worked fine) so no proprietary software is required. The interface allows you to Pan and Tilt the camera and change most of the options by selecting the tabs along the top. It is a fairly intuitive interface and is easy to navigate for even those who do not posses an IT degree.A quick tip, the display resolution defaults to 320x240, which shows a fairly small image in the browser window, this can be changed to 640x480 in the drop down window to show a much large image.Overall, I am very pleased the image quality, ease of setup, and ability to remote view and control the camera.Highly Recommended!CFH::C. Hill "CFH"::5.0::January 25, 2010
R1U23ERXM9W5CO::Good when it worked::I used this web camera for 25 days (as a baby and pet cam) before sending it back to Amazon. It seemed like a nice camera with good features but I just wasn't happy with it's reliability. I have a Mac and found the other Mac reviews here very helpful as far as setup. It was pretty easy to get set up. I was able to get the camera on my wireless network (apple airport extreme), configured the DDNS (Panasonic's viewnetcam.com service), add users and configure settings. I was able to pull up the video on my iPod Touch. Other users could log in and view the video stream and use the pan/tilt/zoom tools, but overall it just wasn't stable.The major issues which caused me to return it were:1. It would be working one minute and then 2 or 3 mins later stop working (light would turn from green to yellow). I'd unplug the camera and then plug it back in and and it would get back on the network. Sometimes it would stay up longer and work OK, other times it would be completely unresponsive from the onset. I just never felt like I could rely on it being up and working, no matter the platform (Mac, Windows, iPod, mobile phone...i tried them all)2. Audio only works on IE (I guess it uses Active-X controls?). I have a mac and i use Firefox and Safari, so this was annoying. I never tried to get the sound to work on a windows PC.3. I never got the camera to work properly with my mobile phone (LG Decoy) or my wife's (Blackberry 8300?).I will note that Panasonic's instructions don't mention anything about setting up with a Mac. The instructions in the Amazon reviews were all I needed though. I never did reach out to customer service (I usually don't for anything unless there are no other options). I'm going to try another web camera--maybe even another Panasonic. I consider myself pretty tech savvy, but this one just wasn't a good fit for me.::Eric Bischof::2.0::November 18, 2009
R14E02COMVD9E8::Great camera, easy to set up (mostly)::We got this camera and immediately got to work on setting it up.  The setup software is easy to use and network setup is easy.  (Just remember to wait until the light on the front is solid green before searching for the camera on the network.What was easy:-Finding the camera wired on the network was quick.  I connected it, turned it on, and popped in the CD.  Two clicks later, the guided setup was humming along.-Getting the router set up.  It configured universal plug and play on its own, although I wish it could have forwarded port 80 to the one it chose automatically so that I don't have to add the port to the URL it provides to access it from the web.-Video and audio work in a computer browser perfectly.-iPhone browser even shows video in the default format from the camera nicely.-Multiple user accounts were a snap to add.Snags in setup:I'm not a typical user, so I had some difficulties...-If you're a Verizon FIOS user, the router they provide will NOT automatically configure universal plug and play.  You must turn it on yourself.-If you have a router plugged into a router, like you might with Verizon because their router is quite possibly the worst one I have ever used in my entire life, the Verizon router will block the incoming request to use the camera from the internet.  You'll just get the Verizon router login instead of the camera.-If you have a Verizon FIOS router, don't even try to use it wirelessly unless you have no encryption, or WEP only.  WPA or WPA2 don't work, but you may know this about Verizon routers from your laptop or really ANY other wireless device you've tried to connect to it.-Connecting to the internet required 2 steps, setting up the "Internet" section, and then setting up the "DNS" in Setup.  If these were combined, it would be a bit easier to configure, but it still wasn't hard and you only have to do it once. (in theory)The free access to it from the web for life is a great feature and was the tipping point for me to buy this product.  You don't even have to do anything with the website.  Just set up the camera, and it will be done along the way.::Eric::5.0::November 14, 2009
R1JVF2E08JSW05::It's the best network camera... once you can configurate it::As many people have said, It is much difficult to make this camera to be seen from Internet when you don't know about the configuration of your Wireless router.If you're a normal person who know some about networks and computers, be sure that you will have to read the html manual which comes in the CD, and then, when your are working on setting up, to call to Panasonic support. Be patience, because finally you will reach the goal.When camera will be working you will realize that all efforts worth. I think this camera is the best network camera in the market (less than $300,00). I watch it from work, I can say that it have a very good image, a very few lags, a good pan and tilt, an outstanding microphone, and you have the chance to choose a free host other than Panasonic's. I've monitored with my camera from other computers (and networks), always I been able to make it work without any problem.If you have not even a moderate computing knowledge, then be sure to find someone who can help you on setting up internet conection.::C. Alfaro::5.0::November 11, 2009
R3JNT0B42ERL3W::Great Camera::I spent many weeks researching cameras & after all the reviews, I found Panasonic to be the best.  I purchased the camera at a much cheaper price through Amazon (did a Nextag search), only $239.00.  It was SO easy to setup!  I did have some minor issues & called Panasonic tech support twice.  Both times they were great, very helpful (went above & beyond what they needed to do) and... they both spoke clear English!  A huge surprise.  Nothing like being completely frustrated w/ your computer & then not being able to understand the technician on the other end!After hook up, I was able to create the website & watch my dog (and house) from work!  It's wonderful!  The camera has a great zoom feature, pan, scan and the sound & picture quality is great for the money too.I would highly recommend this product to anyone!::Fun Mom "Dawn"::5.0::September 21, 2009
RAUBJTWPFM20B::Read reviews carefully::A word of caution: there is a lot of disinformation in some these reviews, some from people who can not follow instructions and as you go back beyond a year some reviewers problems are no longer applicable. Obviously unintentional, but compare other cameras, this is almost 5 stars for a reason.I wanted to watch some work being done on a second home and bought this on a whim at BestBuy. I avoided a few other names due to consistent poor reviews. This camera has been great. Setup was fairly easy if you take your time (my first time and it was under 30 minutes installed wireless) there are a ton of options for when and how you see the camera. All settings from image, sensors and audio can be tweaked to make your camera a truly custom install. The most difficult, and poorly explained problem I found is directions on how to take control of the camera remotely, which is best done by port forwarding from your router. Found some help with port forwarding and it worked immediately for me to access remotely with all settings at [...]. Get your camera setup, then to manage remote access, follow those instructions if you have your camera set up wireless. That website saved me from the one possible problem with this camera.Bang for the buck? Can't beat this camera.::T. Tibbetts "MajorGeek"::5.0::September 7, 2009
R1UDO93V6EJ0KY::2 years running...::I bought 3 of these almost two years ago.  They run flawlessly.Video image is great when viewing live through the Internet.  Sound is good, sensitive.I have the cameras set up to e-mail images to a Google e-mail account.  Still images of moving persons and dogs are usually blurred.The privacy mode can be turned on and off remotely.If for some reason you don't want to use the included service you can use a free dynamic DNS service that allows you access to the camera through the Internet.  The cameras are little web servers.  You aren't viewing a web site, you are tunneling to the camera itself.When co-workers see these in action they ask how much the service costs.  When I explain it is free they are surprised.I've never been able to get the multi-camera view to work through the Internet, but I suspect some configuration by my employer prevents it.::M. Root::5.0::August 15, 2009
R1QZJWN65WVDDA::Good camera, some limitations::Overall this is a good camera. Setting it up with my wifi was trivial. Price is a bit steep but you get a quality product with good support, for once.I found a few limitations, your mileage may vary:- I wish the lens was a wider angle; the field of view is 49 (according to specs), which is standard but I've been spoiled by my Logitech Notebook Pro webcam with a 70 wide angle.- I wish the horizontal motion also had a wider angle. The exact pan angle is described in the spec as 100, so a tad more than a quarter of a turn. Given the protruding design, I think they could protrude it a tad more and go all the way to 180, that would be really nice.- You really need Internet Explorer to use the full capabilities, audio and video. I used IE7. I prefer to use Chrome or Firefox but in this case the video works in MJPEG mode, with no sound. I also successfully used "IP Cam Viewer" on my Android phone to connect to the camera using my wifi, at least for the video (here again there is no audio).::Amazon Customer "ralfoide"::4.0::August 12, 2009
R1986G5MXS0WOC::Good Camera, Sorta.....::The Panasonic BL-131A is a fairly descent web cam. However it takes a little patience and knowledge to get the wireless part working properly. Anyone who views this cam is also going to have to download the active x controls to their computer. (The Download is initiated automatically) The camera and robotics do work, however the picture is a bit grainy. I tried adding more balanced light but its still grainy at best.All in all if you want a web cam, with sound, robotics, and wireless as well, right now this is the only game in town. All the other web cams with these features are part of an entire system and you need to buy a master control unit and then start adding cams, this can also be very expensive.If you don't need wireless you can get this exact same cam for $200. Plus if you don't need the robotics you can get the Linksys for $119.::cavernut "cavernut"::4.0::May 2, 2009
RNLXD4JBC9567::Set up with Airport Extreme::Great product but difficult to set up with Airport Extreme. The good news is that Panasonic has the best technical support line I have experienced. Low wait time and very helpful with a good, patient attitude.::odin2000 "odin2000"::5.0::September 14, 2008
R2K2E772TQHMHL::Wireless doesn't work well::The whole reason why I bought these were to set up a wireless system around my house... I have yet to get the wireless portion to work any further than 5ft away from the router.  Instead I've had to hardwire everything, which works great, but defeats the whole purpose of having wireless.  Pan and tilt function is good, allowing you to move camera postion from a web browser... anywhere online!  Bad low light res... if you want a night camera, don't get this one.  All-in-all, if you're looking for something to keep an eye on things around the house, indoors... with the lights on, then this is a good camera to have.::Jeric Bean "J-Rock"::3.0::July 25, 2008
RATVVEOHOMLEY::Best PT in category for the money::I  have 5 of this version of the Panasonic line and this new iteration is by far one of the best.  They have gotten the image quality up and also the performance up with MPEG4, so the streaming is much better.  I also have multiple Axis cameras and I think other than the bulky size, this camera is better than most of them, except the Megapixel version.  I highly recommend it.  The reason for one star ding is the bulky size.  The technology is there to make this camera much smaller and Panasonic needs to move ahead in this form factor area.::Pet Lover::4.0::May 27, 2008
R2I9T7226T3IFD::very satisfied but beware.... the camera can't be pointed up::Don't be fooled by the pictures...the camera will not tilt UP much beyond horizontal.Other than that, nice work. The motion detection/IR detection works great. no false positives.I have it upload images 5 seconds before and 20 seconds after triggering to my website and then it sends me an SMS message to my Apple iPhone letting me know someone is in my room. I can then view the images on my iPhone or login to see live video and sound from my PC.VERY VERY nice.Only uses wireless bandwidth when triggered or when you are monitoring video (unless you have it in surveillance record mode to record everything).Resolution is fine. nothing to write home about.::Steven T. Kirsch::5.0::April 24, 2008
R1E9U2W8Y61SPN::I was a happy mothers son.::The Panasonic BL-C131A network camera makes it easy to keep an eye on my elderly mother who lives on the other side of town.It has a very good picture but the sound is super.We have been using it for about a month and it works great.It was a little hard for me to get it setup so i called the support peopleand they had me going in no time.I am very well pleased with that part.After about a year it quit on me for no good resin.Finally tossed it.::R. C. Walker::3.0::April 1, 2008
R1MZA6UOXVBKB6::Truly Recommend this::Was dissatisfied with previous Remote Cameras. Read reviews and bought it.Really glad I did.Pros:1. Works as advertised.2. Great image captures.3. DDNS Setup works well and is FREE!4. Email feature is Great!5. Technically does pretty much everything that it is supposed to do.Cons:1. Wireless a little quirky.2. Setup could be an issue with 'Technically challenged'.3. While setting up and after, the descriptions are ambigous. English wasdefinitely not the first language of the person writing the web interface.4. POP3 setup a little disappointing. Most ISP use secure SMTP/POP, which I could not get to work with this. But that was not a deal breaker for me.Summary: If you can get this setup using panasonic support (which I did not use) you could be looking at a fairly good and reliable product for the cost. To put this in perspective, a lot of 'spy products' that purport to do the same, do a half a** job and cost more. I am really satisfied with the product.::Harry Taluja "HARRY"::4.0::March 29, 2008
R36VRVY700RZ30::Works fine, could use a better interface::The camera has worked fine at distances of 120+ feet with signal through walls, etc.Maybe Macintosh has spoiled me, but the interface on their web control system looks like it was designed in 1992.  System quality and features are otherwise above average.  Would recommend again.J::Jay Galvin "Galvin"::4.0::March 21, 2008
R3HYTYLAGJBQB2::BL-C131A: Excellent in all respects..::Excellent product.Does everything that is documented.Rock-solid stability.  Been up and running for the past two months since it was setup.If there is one regret, I only wish it had optical zoom.But, for the price, it is the best in the market today.::F. Sunavala::5.0::March 12, 2008
R1CZ74XGLZ6HZP::As advertised::This camera performs as advertised I was actually able to set it up without calling the the tech support.  The last thing I did that finally got it to work with viewnetcam was to enable port forwarding.  I sort of missed that in the instructions but ultimately that was what got it going.  The features work well.  I didn't try the detection feature but I was able to view images on my blackberry remember that you have to add "/mobile" to the end of the viewnetcam URL if you are going to view on a PDA.  Love it, very cool.::D. Gross::5.0::December 29, 2007
R3S0VBB7SYLRHR::Great camera, but difficulties with Linksys wireless router::This is a great camera, except that it didn't initially work with my Linksys WRK54G wireless router. Although my other existing wireless devices worked fine with the router, the camera would only connect if another device was already connected. The solution was to upgrade the router's existing firmware (1.55.02) to a newer European version (1.56.01) which wasn't listed on the Linksys website (you can Google "WRK54G 1.56.01" to find it). Since then, the camera has worked flawlessly.::Tim::5.0::December 21, 2007
R2OQAGGL5QNI1B::Best camera for the value::After doing a ton of research on network cameras this one beats all the others hands down. It was easy to setup and delivered everything it promised. It has performed flawlessly since I installed it. I wouldn't even consider any of the others on the market. This one will do everything you want it to do.::Daniel Wilmot::5.0::December 21, 2007
R3QD4ZQOY7YQQS::Works as advertised::I tried the TRENDnet's TV-IP 100W but gave up and returned it after failing to make it work wirelessly. It was a lot cheaper (less than $100) but the built quality is more like a plastic toy.The Panasonic BL-C131A works as advertised, but getting it properly configured takes a bit of time (called technical support a few times) and a lot of trial and error. I use it as a nanny cam to check on the kids from work.Pros:*  Robust built quality*  Panasonic-hosted web site for external internet access - this is useful because my broadband cable (Comcast) uses dynamic DNS address*  Feature rich - pan/tilt angles, brightness/white balance controls, motion detection and alarm, operational time range, multi-camera mode and plenty more*  Make sure you choose MPEG-4 video quality - it is much better than MJPEG at handling moving images.Cons:* Pricey - I got mine for $200 (open box but in excellent condition) but would think twice if it is full price at $270.  But if the price drops further, I might get another one.Would have given it 5 stars if the setup procedure is simpler and if the video quality is better.::J. Wong::4.0::December 17, 2007
R2D0SQU4OEJYVE::Works Great!::After reading the literature that came along with the camera, I had it successfully on the web in about 30 minutes. My friends and family (I give an account to) can now go to a free web address and log in to view our backyard where the deer play! Once online it is very easy to control the direction of the camera and multiple people can view it at one time.::Marie::5.0::November 25, 2007
R3RWBXZV3GBFB2::Good when it worked::I had this camera for almost 2 years.It worked Ok until two weeks ago when the front LED started flashing red.Call to Panasonic technical support did not help - the camera needs to be sent back for repair.Just the labor is about half of what I paid for the camera, which makes the repair option meaningless.The camera was never abused and was at the same place all that time (in a room next to glass window).::Dimitar::2.0::October 24, 2009
R1DL1D6FH20MLO::Great Wireless Network Camera::I have had this wireless camera for about a month, and I am extremely happy with it.We needed a nanny cam, since we leave out baby with the nanny alone for long periods of time, and the grandparents living out of town want to watch him over the Internet. Before I bought the camera, I did an extensive research on mid-level, wireless cameras, and liked Panasonic BL-C131A the best. (The reviews of "$100-or-less wireless cameras" didn't sound promising at least in the long run with burnt-out lenses, or frequent reset requirement etc.) This Panasonic camera seemed somehow pricey and from the reviews the set-up to access the video remotely sounded pretty complicated.After one month of use, I am very happy with the camera's performance, it's well worth the money. The set-up turned out to be much easier than I thought. I have a Linksys WRT54G2 Wireless router connected to my DSL router. My DSL connection has a dynamic IP number. This configuration should be pretty common. The set-up instructions were for this kind of configuration and easy to follow, very straight forward. I should note, that I upgraded the firmware, as soon as I had access to the camera, since some of the bug fixes etc sounded applicable to my set-up. The upgrade was easy and straight forward as well.The free, built-in dynamic-DNS service (through viewnetcam.com) works great. The streaming video and audio can be accessed over the Internet, but for the audio I need to use Internet Explorer since Sharp G.726 codec is needed. Windows Media Player on Windows XP comes with this codec and IE works great. I couldn't make Firefox work with this codec, so no audio with Firefox. Windows Vista may not come with this particular codec, but it is easy to find the free codec and install it.My wife uses her Blackberry to access the camera remotely. It is still-images only without audio. One needs to keep refreshing the image!I mounted the camera on the wall; it comes with all the necessary screws etc. The long, thin, black power cable running over the wall looks ugly, I've yet to find a way of hiding it.I like and use the following features:- Enable/Disable the green indicator light on the camera.- Enable/Disable the privacy mode.- Set timings for the camera to be active.- Pan and tilt and pre-set lens locations work great, but it is kinda noisy. In a quiet room, one can easily hear the lens moving around.- Creating users and granting different permissions for remote access are neat. As an administrator, one can see who is logged in.The standard setting of the microphone is pretty good. The room where the camera is located is well to OK lit most of the time, so video, colors etc. are fine for me. I read that the motion detection may be tricky. I don't use it, so no comment about that feature.The camera comes with a recording software, which seems OK.::Amazon User::5.0::January 17, 2009
R30RRODG4DP5PP::Works well on Macintosh::I bought this haing read some of the reviews of success on Mac networks. The camera works as advertised.  I eventually set it up on my network successfully - I thought I would add a few things I learned.The setup is straightforward.  You do not need the disc that comes with it or a Windows computer.  You plug the camera into the ethernet of the router with the switch on the camera on 'wired'.You have to find the IP address of the camera.  Click on the apple in the top right of your screen>About this Mac>More Info..>Network  Now scroll down to DNS:Server address.  (Mine is 10.0.1.1)  The address of the camera will change the last number to 253.  So for mine, it is 10.0.1.253  -  Now type [...] into your browser and you should find the camera.  If you have other cameras on the network, the last number might be lower (252, 251, etc).So you set up the camera - give it a name and password.  You have to type in the SSID of your wireless network.  This is the name you see when you get on the network on a laptop or your phone.  It must typed in exactly.  Then you have to pick the encryption type - I choose "WPA2-PSK(AES)".  This is where I got hung up.I use an Airport Extreme.  If you do - open Airport Utility, click Manual Setup>Wireless.  I had the Wireless Security set on "WPA/WPA2 Personal" (which Apple recommends).  This would not let the camera connect, though.  So I changed the wireless security to "WPA2 Personal."  And then hit 'Update'.  For whatever reason, this did the trick, and the camera connected.After these settings, you unplug the camera, disconnect the ethernet cable from it, and switch the camera to 'wireless' - then plug it back in.  With any luck, you can connect your browser to the address you used for it when it was wired.I have not configured the camera to connect to the internet yet.  It sounds like it might be a little more involved with the Airport Extreme settings, but if I get bored, I'll try that.I do not get sound from the camera using the Macs - I don't care, but you might.  I think you have to run Windows to get sound - for the ActiveX plugin.Good Luck::Prime Reviewer::5.0::December 2, 2008
R3HK7GQ2JVVBLM::Cool camera, retarded customer service!!::I have spent all day working on getting this camera working, 99% of the time has been waiting on hold and trying to get through to the wrong person at Panasonic, finally got ahold of someone and figured it all out. Panasonic needs to do a better job of routing the calls and getting the customer service out to the customer. This camera IMO requires customer service to setup. Once it is setup though it is slick. Only thing I am dissapointed on is the CS that I was given by Panasonic, many reviews called it very good, I would call it frustrating at the best.::Noah Baldwin "guppie"::3.0::April 17, 2008
R1A15OM4NZK137::Works Perfectly !::The camera works perfectly!I'm using all features... recording software, motion detection, Internet website (supplied by Panasonic).Everything works fine.::null::5.0::September 28, 2007
R2OGO7794MEMWD::Very Limited Night Vision::I've used wired cameras for monitoring dark rooms and I have to say I was very disappointed in this camera capability for night vision.  Certainly did not meet by expectations.so if you're going to use for a light or dim room, you'll probably be satisfied.  However if your room is pretty dark, to pitch dark, you'll want to look elsewhere.::Noswal::3.0::January 14, 2008
R1PHCYPNKMVUNT::Very cool wireless webcam::Only 4 stars since it's reliance on Windows and Windows Explorer. (but updated to 5 stars now)It is wireless or wired, pans and tilts, has a microphone, it comes with its own DDNS account from Panasonic and includes a lot more features than most did when it came out.  The only bad thing is that it requires a windows machine with windows Internet explorer to listen to sound and I'm a mac user.  I haven't found anyway around it.  You can use multiple different apps to view this camera and pan and tilt from your iPhone too-- no volume again though.  If anyone's found a way to get volume on a mac or iPhone please comment.UPDATE:  There are iPhone/iPad apps that will give you sound and IP Camera Viewer 2 from the Mac App Store will give you sound for free.I now give it 5 stars thanks to 3rd party developers.::John Mueller "johnfixesstuff"::5.0::December 19, 2012
RRP4OHLFR0DVY::Working great::I used this to check on my dog while I am at work.It's very clear and gives me clear surrounding sound that happened around my house.Only thing is I hope it can rotate 360 degrees.I like it very much and used it everyday.  It's been years now since I purchased it.  Have not have any problem so far.::Wilma::5.0::October 12, 2011
R12FMK6MFAQ5Q0::Best we've found::We purchased our first Panosonic 131A several years ago to catch a employee stealing from us.  It was rather complicated to set up but their customer service is incredible.  If you happen to get someone who isn't helpful, call again, our experience has been that they truly know their products.  We wanted a second camera recently and searched out all our options and concluded that this model is the best for our purposes.  What we like: It is small and easily concealed, it is wireless (though needs to be plugged into an outlet,) it can be viewed at home, even adjusted at home in terms of zooming and adjusting the view from side to side and up and down, we can record the image to watch later, quality of the video is decent, also plays and records sounds.  What we don't like: difficult to set up (again get as far as you can then call customer service, especially if you want it set up wirelessly) you do need a computer on site to record and view it online from home ( I see they also sell a router to stream it online,) sometimes the recording skips a few seconds here and there, probably more a function of our computers than the camera itself.This is a great little camera for business use (we've caught 2 employees stealing with it) and would also be a great "nanny cam" and "pet cam."  Price point is good compared to other cameras available.::Gardengirl::4.0::November 26, 2010
R34WWA4LQAEPSE::Nice Quality - Lifetime Support::Already many reviews which I try to not repeat here.  I do like this camera and find several pros and cons which I have not seen documented and list below:Pros:1) Based on my calls, Panasonic offers fair technical support.  Perhaps those who where not happy with support should have hung up and called back.  I needed to do that a few times.2) All home monitoring camera's perform poorly in low light conditions regardless of the brand.  Bottom line: No light, no picture.  Some do better than others obviously in lower light conditions, but there is a general threshold in the evening where you must turn on the lights for the camera to operate.3) I have found no problem logging into and using the panasonic site (viewnetcam).  It has worked seamlessly for me and provides password security which has been just fine.4) The camera does have 10x digital zoom capability - use the scroll capability on your mouse if available.  Needed to do a web search to understand how to use this feature.Cons:1) There is NO ability to attach an external speaker, nor is there a speaker integrated with the camera.  When we were on vacation, our cat would come to the camera for the first week when we connected - must have been some mechanical noise the cat picked up.  However, the second week and onward, our cat didn't appear.  Had we been able to call out via a speaker, she would have appeared.  Our next home camera will have both Mic and speaker capability.2) Documentation is a bit lacking.  Web searches may be your best approach to capture general guidance on using the camera.Update on July 1st,2011: I changed my router and needed to reconfigure my two Panasonic netork cameras. I was pleasantly surprised to find that Panasonic provided telephone support even after I owned the product for more than two years! That is very cool and the tech support person was very knowledgable.::T. Cayton "photographer"::5.0::August 15, 2010
R3DGQBYK9ELU5U::Wonderful!::I really like it as I have been watching my home while I am away at work.::Regular Joe X::5.0::February 26, 2010
R2KK8YGQ5HLTG::Hard to set up multiple cams, but great once you have::Ok. I am better than the average bear at computers, but having multiple ones in y house created a problem. It took forever to set these up and had to have a friend do it for us.However, these cameras are great. The picture and sounds quality in nice. I bought these for home survelliance to watch my twins and my nanny and I am pleased.I also own a Motorola Droid and am searcing for apps to let me stream the webcams to my phone. Right now I can only view stationary images, but hope to resolve this soon.Overall, great cameras at a great price. I would buy them again.::E. Kaydos::4.0::February 10, 2010
R3Q2N7LWH00MND::This camera rocks!::I use this camera to keep an eye on my dogs while I'm at work. I point it toward the dog door and set the motion trigger and it sends me an email whenever one of them goes through. I love the presets (you can point the camera to a certain area, then save that and name it, then easily go right to that area). The audio is nice also. I know a lot about routers so I was able to set it up myself, but others may need help from Panasonic support. (I hear they're good though.) One it's set up, it works like a champ.::A. Black::5.0::February 5, 2010
R3IVHA7P8OH7Q7::happy new camera owner::Caught my new neighbor peaking in the window on the motion detection trigger with email alert and captured about 2 minutes of video as he was all over the back yard at distances of up to 50 feet from inside through double pane windows. The power went out from a windstorm and the camera and network router powered back up without a hitch with all the same settings and functions. just over three weeks in use now all seems to be good.::R. Schmid::5.0::January 28, 2010
R17FIEJ990KLKW::Easy to use and setup.Great product but pricey.::Very easy to set this camera up and access from the internet. I move it around my house from time to time so I can watch different areas.I am watching my dog chew up a piece of wood in the living room right now! No additional setup is needed once it has been unplugged...just plug it back in and it is up and running. The free website access from Panasonic is what sold me on this unit. I have tried and marginally succeeded in setting up a few other webcams but the dynamic DNS was always a challenge. If you need help, there are some great instructions in the Amazon reviews on setting the camera up.The price of this camera was the only reason I gave it 4 stars. I bought mine for $289 and the price has gone up significantly in just over a year.I have a Palm Pre and as of the date of this review, Java is not enable on WebOS so I cannot view the cam from my phone. This feature is on the near horizon for the Pre. It would be nice to be able to watch the dog destroy stuff right from my phone :)::Geezitron "geezitron"::4.0::January 27, 2010
R8KBTF3UG5GOJ::My Second One::This is the second Panasonic Net Cam that I have. If you have any problems with installation the people at [...] are great. I was having some problems setting up the second cam to view both cams on the multiscreen. They were more than just technicians they were eager to assist in any way possible. They have 7 techniciansand over the last year or so I have talked to 3 of the 7. They go out of there way to assist you if you are having any problems. Panasonic Network cams are great to show people your home and area and I have used them in my business to be able to view from any where in the world. Just for the technical assistance alone I give these cams (5) stars. I check my cams daily and they have worked flawlessly. I found that I was having a problem going wireless and after troubleshooting the cam I could not get it to work unless I made it wired. You can have these cams wired or wireless which is a nice feature. I finally found that when I password protected my wifi that the wireless would not work for some reason. For me in a very remote area I  have just taken the security off. I highly recommend these cams to anyone.::Ron Bittenbender::4.0::January 21, 2010
R2V2TACUA1HJU9::Easy setup, tons of features, great customer service::This is the first network camera I've purchased.  Based on reviews on Amazon from customers, this was my first choice to monitor my property from an upstairs window.This camera works on both Wifi as well as wired networks.  It can viewed and controlled by a web browser or by dedicated software (more on this topic later).  It supports automatic UPnP setup of your router, and Panasonic runs a [...] service to support DDNS, giving you the ability to give your camera a URL so you can access your camera anywhere in the world you get internet service.Setup is really easy.  The camera functions as a mini-server and walks you through the setup with no software necessary to load on your PC.  Thus, the need for software at this point is minimal (activex control for IE, or Java for other browsers).  Panasonic does supply some 3rd party software which has been limited in functionality.  This software may be fine, but won't work on a Mac, nor does it work in a 64 bit version of windows (it crashes pretty much right away).  In addition, the software can be unlocked to support multiple cameras for several hundred dollars. Yikes.  Instead, I would look for low-cost 3rd party software (such as from H264soft) that does pretty much the same thing, but is far more robust.The camera is extremely flexible allowing you to view in real time or push still pictures via email, HTTP, or FTP based on events such as motion or time.  Thus, it can serve as a remote warning to you if the camera detects motion.Image quality in daylight or artificial light is excellent, and in 640x480 mode, the image is really very nice.  This is not a great camera for night time use.  It simply doesn't produce much of an image after the sun goes does.Physically, the camera gets a bit warm, so that is a concern for long-term reliability, but I've left it running continuously for about 5 days with no issues.  A very nice touch is that Panasonic provides a cable loop to allow you to fasten the camera so it can't be removed easily and it serves as a guard if it does fall from a ledge it will avoid damage to the camera.When I got the camera, I had a slight issue with viewnetcam, so I called Panasonic late in the evening.  After less than a 30 second wait I got in touch with a technician who not only spoke perfect English, but was extremely helpful and got the problem solved within 5 minutes.  Excellent customer service seems to be an exception these days, so Panasonic deserves kudos for this.This camera is excellent.  It's one of those products that seems a little expensive, but in reality actually surprises with how well-designed it is.  If the software provided by Panasonic didn't crash under 64 bit windows or worked under OS X, it would be perfect.::TomK1 "tomk1"::5.0::January 16, 2010
RNT5S1WA1LLS::Extremely versatile feature-packed network camera with a huge variety of uses.::null:: ::5.0::December 22, 2009
RMXER5VL56VG7::My doggy webcam::I love my panasonic webcam once I got it going.  I'm not a computer savy person but I was able to hook it up on my own with the help of Panasonic customer service.  I love the range that the camera lens can move around.  I angled the camera where I can see my whole living room/dining room/kitchen area and my patio area where my dog spend most of her time.  I love the fact that I can watch her over the internet while I'm at work.  I recommend this product to anyone.::Guccirio::5.0::September 24, 2009
R6JJZUKV6QOKA::Works, eventually, as expected - interface of poor quality::I bought this model specifically because I wanted to connect it to a WPA2 AES network. At the time it was the only one to support this feature, at a reasonable price.The web interface is relatively well organized. The English however is pathetic (as you may have noticed, I'm not an native speaker... that says it all). At $300 a piece, they could hire someone to do the job. It's a bit of a joke, I often have a hard time understanding the "helpful" comments.My main problem has been with the encryption. The camera simply could not connect to my router (either Linksys or Dlink). I eventually succeeded by:- converting my ascii WPA2 pass phrase into a 64 character hexadecimal key (the site I found online was safe, I went through the page code).- entering the hexadecimal pass phrase on the camera web interface instead of the ascii version.My pass phrase has blank characters. That may have been the issue.My router is configured for WPA2 personal, with AES encryption.In my view, the price matches the feature set. In order to make this product a good product, I would have expected a much better interface, without a bug. I have many other wireless devices in my house and never had such trouble getting any of them to connect to my network.::Olivier Harel::3.0::September 19, 2009
R3HHHSN81CC7WW::Perfect Eye::If you are planning to buy this Network Camera, you got the Perfect Eye !!!::K. Tokumoto "KATMADT"::4.0::September 19, 2009
R1WBQ4YO3F0B6O::Panasonic BL-C131A Best I can find::This is the best web cam I can find for ease of use and features.  Easy to set up and easy to access from anywhere in the world.  I have 5 of the BL-C131A wireless units.  The resolution is the best I can find though I would like better/higher resolution or zoom but can not find better at price or features.  Spend the extra and buy the wireless model.::Fred::5.0::September 18, 2009
R2YVCTBP4CJJOF::One of the best ip cameras for the price::i have 2 of these panasonic ip cams and i think this is a great camera, i also have the bl-c30a model but it doesn't have sound and the picture quality isn't as distinct as the 131 model.this is the only camera that has great free tech support to help you get set up and it even has a free website to put it on.I have bought other brand of ip cams but there is no support on how to put it on the internet so they are usless except to use when you are at home.the only thing that would make this cam perfect is if it had night vision,but then you have to pay mega bucks for that feature, which i hope the price will come down some day so i can use it as security at night too.::Tortoisemom::5.0::September 12, 2009
R1GJNM1JHDS32L::Beats a standard Nanny Cam::We purchased this camera to allow us to be able to look in on my husband's elderly mother. She lives about 2.5 hours away, and has a bad habit of not correctly hanging up the phone. After a few calls to the police to go check on her when we had lost communication, we found this alternative solution. It has a small green light on it, so she knows if we're checking on her. That keeps her from feeling spied upon, and also serves as a warning to her that her phone is off the hook again so she can fix it. It swivels and can cover 75% of where she might be. The picture resolution is excellent, and the set-up was not particularly difficult either. It's a very versatile camera.::Sharon the Brat::5.0::September 8, 2009
R2MXJQUDZDONNW::Excellent choice for low cost security camera::The camera requires a fairly advanced initial setup but Panasonic was very helpful in walking me through the steps.  The instructions could use more explanation.  Once set up, the camera works great and has a very clear image when viewed over the internet.  I would highly recommend it.::ljc "ljc"::5.0::September 8, 2009
RBKKRZ479NZX8::Great camera...needs better description, English and support::I bought 2 cameras for the house and am accessing them through laptop Vista64 + Windows Home Server + mobile phone.  Things are working great now, but I fought the instructions and support every step of the way.First off...I didn't really know what I was getting...the description on the Amazon web page is simply incomplete.  How is the thing powered?  There is no way to tell from the description.  It turns out that the unit has a mobile phone style power adapter with a black cord.  So the idea I guess is to mount the camera on the wall and plug it into a nearby outlet with the unsightly black cord trailing down the wall.Second the 16 camera recording software did not work on my Vista 64 laptop.  I wrote support and they responded that Vista 64 is not supported.  Oh really?  How was I supposed to know that?  The single camera software works.  The 16 camera software appears to be the same software with a different license...so I think there is some easily solvable problem...support needs to get their head out of their butt.  A lot of new hardware uses 64 bit OSes.  I was suprised to find out that the 16 camera recording software works on Windows Home Server, which is basically windows server 2003.  This does not appear to be supported either.Finally the instructions are reasonably complete but complicated...the garbled English is really an impediment in this case.  Here is an example description for Sensor deactivation time: "After the sensor detecting, until the time when it is appointed it elapses, because the next sensor detection is not done, there is a possibility where you cannot acquire the picture."  Whatever is this saying?But it is a great camera.  A full webserver on each camera so you do not need to rely on installed software.  You simply point a browser to it.  First you connect to the camera with a Ethernet cable (note:  not provided) to set up the wireless.  You have a login/password for each camera.  Then you can use port forwarding on your router to access the camera remotely.::Bob Rundle "Bob"::4.0::August 30, 2009
R1VJNCTY6HZTVD::Great Camera::I wire connected this cam to the network, set up wifi security codes, flipped its switch to wireless and bit came up without any problems.  The voice, centering function and zoom only work with I.E.  there are a few compatibility issues with Firefox: the screen often times locks up and pushes the CPU to 100, basically locking up the system.  I had to close the CAM tab to get out of it.  No such problem with I.E. 7.  The low light switch does not do much.  The picture is very clear and balanced.  I did not assign it a static IP and it worked very well with my linksys DHCP.  I manually forwarded an external port to the CAM's IP and port 80 and had no problem accessing it from an IPGONE on 3G.  Since the web session is always active, it can (and did) drain IPHONE's battery in about 2 hours!  It has nice and operational pan, tilt, center, zoom features. the zoom will not adjust the focus and thus it is a but blurry at max. The wireless allows me to attach the cam to a tripod which is more flexible than being wall attached.  I have not updated the firmware but it still does a great job.  It has been on for 5 days non stop and it just a tad warm in a 77 degree room.  It has recovered from frequent and deliberate power disconnects without any problems. For now I highly recommend this CAM, and will continue to provide updates.::K. Marefat::4.0::August 18, 2009
R2VKU9VMM4LN4R::Great Product easy install::I bought this camera based on reviews and they are absolutely correct.  It's not only a fantastic device, it was easy to setup.  I took it out of the box and followed the simple instructions and was viewing my dog from my iphone within an hour.  I can't think of anything negative to say about this except it's a bit expensive for a cool gadget.  Luckily I got mine on the lightning deals for $125.00.The best option it has is pre-settings for the camera angle so you can touch one of the six numbers and it will pan right to the assigned area.The disable button is also a nice feature so the camera isn't always running.(helps save electricity).If your looking for a cool wireless camera for security, watching the babysitter or checking on your furry friends, this is the one to get.::M. Welch::5.0::April 5, 2009
R3306NXGID6BT6::Good functions; stops working quickly::There are many excellent functions with this camera.  I bought 2 of them and one stopped working after about a year and the second about 6 months later.  They would randomly loose connection with the wireless router and go to a blinking red light.  In the troubleshooting manual, it says a blinking red light can only be fixed by the authorized servicer.  It is not worth the money for it to work only for about a year.::Bruit::3.0::February 25, 2009
R3124AIUDXIIMM::Great tech support::I bought this item on impulse because amazon had it on a great gold box deal. Setup was pretty easy, but I did hit a snag. As other reviews have mentioned they have excellent customer support. No offense to foreigners, but it was nice to talk to someone with an accent I can understand, and who does not sound like they are reading from a script. They got me running within minutes (needed to open a port on my router) and I have to say the camera works great. It's nice to be able to check on the house and the dog when we are away.The camera works okay on my blackberry but it is only a picture. My wife's iphone will actually be able to see the video and do all of the pan/tilt controls.::P. Sommer::5.0::February 22, 2009
R2K304AU037FRS::Nice Internet Camera Works as Promised::Panasonic BL-C131A Network Camera Wireless 802.11Once set up the camera works great. I can watch my home from office through internet using IE browser. The picture quality is decent. Voice pick up is fine. You can zoom in/out with the 10x lens. Firefox is not fully supported though. No voice and you can't zoom the picture on Firefox.Panasonic techincal support staff are all courteous, but with different skill levels. I called them 3 times to finally have my camera work on internet. The main hassle was to configure port forwarding. The first guy helped to configure port forwarding in my Netgear router, but still no internet access, then he said I needed to call Netgear support... Later I called Panasonic again and the second guy was sharp. He discovered I had another router connected which I did not realize it was a router at all. I have internet phone but did not realize the phone adapter contains a router itself. The second guy tried to help me to login to the phone adapter with router to do port forwarding there also, but could not figure out the username/password. I called my internet phone company and they were so helpful. The issue was totally resolved by the phone company technician. Then I just call Panasonic the third time to verify my camera is accessible thru internet, wired or wirelss.Overall, once it's set up, the camera is great.::Z. ZHOU::5.0::January 21, 2009
R2LFJAVQT79QF::Normally great camera but watch who you buy from.::I've had 3 of these and they all work great.  Unfortunately the last one came in with a defective CCD sensor.  Since the lead-time on Amazon's supply for this camera is 1-2 months (as of August 2008), I went with an alternate Amazon Marketplace vendor.  When their supplied camera came in defective they refused an exchange and simply specified that I send it back to Panasonic who's now taken a week with no response on returning it.  Because this vendor's stated policy (Hint: A small 6-legged insect that lives in "hills"-Online.com) was that they don't take these things back, Amazon's A-Z guarantee doesn't cover it.Bottom line, if you buy this camera, you'll want to buy it from someone who will exchange it if you receive it defective.  Otherwise, you'll have a brand new camera that has to go back to the manufacturer and be replaced with a refurb.::ejwitt::4.0::August 22, 2008
R70CWGCEF0SF6::search a lot::After researching a lot of home wireless security cameras I decided on this Panasonic.  For the price and once you get the camera set up, this is a great little camera.  Although I am pretty computer savy I spent 9 hours on a Saturday trying to get my two cameras set up.  I finally gave up and called the Panasonic help desk. If you want to save some grief and frustration don't call the help desk on a weekend !  When I called back on Monday morning I got right to a technician who was very helpful and patient.  About an hour with him on the phone and it was all done ! I even set it up so that I can access my cameras from my i-phone. How neat is that? Picture quality is pretty good..operation works flawlessly.  For the money I highly recommend it.::Search Alot::5.0::August 1, 2008
R6PEJJRU3ITXT::A very useful device::I like the camera, it's the kind of appliance that you buy, install, and use. It doesn't come back bothering you with trouble shooting or re-installation.I like the built-in HTTP server, the website service provided by Panasonic seemed to be discontinued, but it was relative easy for me to change its port number and use port forwarding on my router.It's a little pricey, but the quality is good, my installation was mostly smooth, except a minor delay because of a typo I made in my wireless network name.Edit: Two and half years since I put this in service, still working, no problem at all.::J. Liu::4.0::July 17, 2008
R3QP08MXWIPXC7::Works Great and Smooth Setup::Was a little skeptical when I bought this just because I have not had very good experiences with "networked" hardware except for the basic wireless access setup. But to my surprise and relief, this was a very well designed product paired with smart software. It took me about 1hr to get it fully setup and ready to play. It has an ok internal memory buffer (think it holds only about 100 or so images at 640x480), I do wish it had a little more memory. But I setup an ftp server on my PC and it now just sends the images continuously back to my PC so I can either archive them or make them into a movie! This experience has definitely put Panasonic on my "must consider" list for consumer electronic products.::ydoistay::5.0::July 14, 2008
R2TT9M9A7PT7C3::This is not a toy::By far, this web cam works as it should be. the image and sound quality are good. The only cons is the setting up the wireless connection with the router was a little bit tricky. However, after google for while I was able to make it work.::SK Ho::5.0::July 14, 2008
R34ZHMC4EA53CT::Good clear camera::This is a great camera.  The audio and the video are quite good and much better than you would get in a regular webcam.  Setting up the camera required an obligatory phone call to Panasonic tech support but they were able to guide me through it in one phone call (I have DSL and a Linksys wireless router).::Dev::4.0::July 13, 2008
R26RCM9MY6I2EC::Panasonic BL-C131A::Overall good product, would purchase another.  Offers dual-axis control for a much lower price then its competitors.  Internet cameras in general have very small image sensors, this leads to poor image quality compared to other digital cameras, the BL-C131A is no different.  The on-board camera software offers very fine control however documentation is very poor and it is basically a trial and error process when setting up advanced features.::Scott A. Briggs "Scott"::4.0::July 5, 2008
R1BQSWS5LASSGO::Nice camera...Fairly easy to set up...::Using camera for a pet cam and back porch cam. Camera lets me check on the dogs. Also my grandkids can check us out while we're on the back porch. BL-C131A has one-way audio so you can also listen.::Gary Cuthbertson "Pop Pop"::4.0::June 24, 2008
R2HML26Q05WDP9::Great Wireless Network Camera::Excellent camera. I am going to buy a 2nd one. Being able to access the camera from anywhere in the world via a browser is amazing.  And to be able to pan and tilt are great features.  The wireless feature is flawless.  The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because they claim zooming, albeit digital, which is next to worthless.  If they could implement optical zoom, even 3X, in this form factor would make it a fantastic product.::T. Kobayashi::4.0::June 19, 2008
R1FV6EPF2IHUYU::Superb!::This is an excellent webcam for the money...Purchased this on Amazon, and had it in two days.  It was extrememly easy to set up and worked flawlessly with my wireless router.  I have two other PTZ Axix cams that cost over $500 each and this cam beats them hands down.  I plan on purchasing more because of the ease of setting them up and recommend this webcam highly.::Ditzzz "oopstoo"::5.0::May 8, 2008
R3SNKR8YCZ092O::The best little wireless network camera out there::If you want a wireless network camera that you can login to over the network (local network or internet) to see what is going on with you pet or home etc this is a great buy. And it does a lot more. It can e-mail you pictures based on motion detection during certain times, and capture brief video clips to. It exceeded my expectations and definately was exactly what I was looking for! You really need to set it up by connecting it via cable, but once set up that way it worked great on my secure wireless network and has worked flawlessly since! It could be better in very low light but makes up for that with it's ability to pan up/down and left/right!::DMG::5.0::March 22, 2008
R7HD8HI58SRZW::Did everything I asked and was simple to set up.::Great little camera!  Took me all of 10 mins to get everything working as I wanted on my internal LAN and only maybe 5-10 more to get it working externally (thanks to another reviewer here).  Works great in IE with audio, but also works in Firefox (Mac and Windows) and Safari without audio.  Works great on my iPhone too!The firmware installed on the camera was actually *newer* than the version on the Panasonic US website, but older than the one on the Panasonic JP site.  The link to the JP site is available through the web setup pages.::Larry "Larry"::4.0::March 10, 2008
R28TL0Y9DXYZKC::Great little remote webcam::This camera works exactly as claimed once configured correctly.  Configuration for internet access is not exactly plug-and-play, so the decrease from five to four stars.  LAN installation is simple, but my Belkin router refused to permit internet access through the default port.  A very polite representative in tech support talked me through a simple work around that changed the port setting.  Now, I can monitor our vacation home over the Internet.::Graver Tank "/jrw/"::4.0::March 3, 2008
R2BR4T1YP5DXYG::Panasonic wireless network cam review::The 'auto config' for the network (using UPnP) worked well for the first cam... But I bought two cams and the second one caused a conflict (the software kept assigning the same port to both cams but they need different ports in order for both cams to be seen via the web).I eventually did the manual setup with fixed local IP addresses.  This proved to work much better and really wasn't that difficult - but it did require set up of port forwarding on my router - also fairly easy to do if you know how to access your router's set-up page.  Doing the manual set up (and taking the time to figure it out) will also make it easier to add the 3rd, 4th, etc. cams.  I am a bit of a techie though so I had some familiarity.Other than that - the camera does work as advertised.  The user interface isn't fancy looking but it works and it's practical.  I can check on my house/kids from the office without issue.  I also check the cams from my iPhone and did so recently in South America while we were gone!So, 4 stars for working with a little tech know-how. (user interface and directions/manual could use some polishing to bring this product up to 5 stars)::Be Holden "be"::4.0::February 25, 2008
R1N7V0R5LD62ZQ::Panasonic BL C131 Camera::I have used all the features except FTP and http for picture transfer. I bought it to keep an eye on my home from anywhere. CONS: Silver color makes it very visible. Fast moving people are blurs and the timing of the pictures may miss someone walking by fast. Instruction are hard to read, not good english, has many parameters that can be tuned but his is also a PRO. PROS: It is as advertized and works just about out of the box for wired applications. It is not a surveillance camera and is not sold as one, but it does a great job otherwise. The wireless application took a little more effort to get it working, but it works great. I would not have bought it except for the free server service which is easy to implement. If you want to view an area remotely, control the camera via the web, have automated emails sent to you even on certain cell phones (did not check out), have good still picture quality, and don;t want to pay a lot of money, this is a good bet.::T. bordelon "tb"::4.0::February 24, 2008
R17QBHYZIU7J6W::Great petcam ...and security cam!::I got this as a petcam to keep an eye on my disabled dog (can't walk) during the day when I'm at work.  I needed a wireless camera because I don't have ethernet wire in the room where he is, and I needed one that did not require a computer to be left on all day.  After reading the reviews I decided to spend more for this model.Setup was relatively painless and I did not need to call tech support (my experience level -- not a pro by any means but have installed other network devices like routers, network storage, network printers).  However the internet did not work till I tried changing the port to 50000 and specifying fixed IP address as recommended by a couple people who posted here. (THANKS!)I would agree the video quality is not fabulous but it's adequate for my purposes.  Has not noticeably slowed down my network and I have not had any trouble accessing the webcam through the web.  It's really nice to be able to move the camera remotely since the dog moves around.One feature I really like is that you can set it several times a day (triggered by motion or a specific time) to take a snapshot and either save and write over these every day or e-mail the picture to you.  You can also set various user levels and specify whether the user can move the camera, hear sound, change settings, etc.I would agree the user manual is close to useless and for some reason that I can't figure out from the manual the indicator light blinks orange instead of green (or red in "privacy mode).  However I can live with that  so haven't spent much time troubleshooting it.*UPDATE*July 2009After a year and a half the unit is still functioning flawlessly.  It handled the upgrade to a wireless N router with a much longer password just fine.  After my disabled dog passed away, I relocated the camera to the entryway.  While on vacation, I got a text message from my alarm system that there was an issue with the front door.  Took a look and sure enough -- the front door was wide open! The alarm had not actually triggered, so I would have ignored the text (and the neighbors would never have known there was an issue) if I wasn't able to see the door open.  I was able to call a neighbor to get it closed and locked (fortunately it appears we just didn't close it fully; not a break-in).  I'd say the camera paid for itself right there.::CMB::4.0::February 13, 2008
R39QUQ05H9JBGA::Great Camera::I purchased this camera based on the reviews on this site.  Its a great piece of equipment.  Easy to set up, and easy to configure.I just want to thank everyone for their comments. They were very influential in making my decision on what to buy. I was looking at a D-link camera before I read these comments, and I am glad that I purchased the Panasonic instead.::Chris "mahckz"::5.0::January 9, 2008
R1GJP6CJT0413U::I Love this Panasonic BL-C131A Wireless Camera!::This is the 3rd Panasonic Wireless Network Camera that I have purchased. I always felt that the abilty to monitor sound was a missing feature from my previously purchased cameras (BLC30). So now Panasonic has met my expectations of PERFECTION in a network camera! I am extremely happy.This camera was just as simple to install and include in my existing setup. The free hosting and support is believe it not,really good. The few times that I've called have resulted in very nice and helpful interactions. How rare is that?::Sheila Halloan "halday"::5.0::October 11, 2007
R2VDTZDVJC27NK::Great, but overpriced and kicked just after warranty::I bought this camera a little over a year ago, as I work from home and like to be able to see whats going on outside everytime my dog starts barking and I dont want to get up each time to see whats up.For that purpose, it has been ideal. With the PTZ I can look all the way up and down my street from the second-story window. Frame rate, low light performance and resolution are all great.Unfortunately, just after the warranty expired (just one year), the picture went all screwy. Its still usable but its blurry. I contacted Panasonic for support and they let me know it was out of warranty but could be repaired.This camera really needs to come down to $149. Unfortunately not alot of manufacturers are competing with Panasonic in this class to create the pricing pressure.::Morimoto "Morimoto"::3.0::June 17, 2009
R3TOIVE4O7SQQJ::Motion sensor works through window::There are already a lot of reviews touting how good this camera is (and I agree with them). The one area that I didn't see very many comments on is how well it works through a window. At first I tried pointing it through a window that had a screen. Well that didn't work because it focused on the screen and you couldn't really see anything. I moved it over to a spot on the window where there isn't a screen and it looks great. At it's highest motion sensitivity setting our camera works through a window to about 30 - 40 feet. It can get triggered by the neighbor walking his dog, a bird fly by (general at about 20 feet or closer), or cars driving through the alleyway. It'll even trigger at night when cars drive through our alleyway.  All of the above motions are when it senses someone moving left to right. I haven't really tested it if I move towards the camear yet. I found it easy to setup, though I haven't tried setting up the port forwarding part (that's to access it from outside our home network like from a coffee shop).::M. Steudel::5.0::January 19, 2009
R20CJF7A2KQLAA::Unreliable::We have two cameras connected through a wireless router, in a very small house - they are both very close to the router. They are completely unrealiable. They will work one day and not the next. It's extremely aggrivating.::Liz::1.0::April 12, 2010
RKAYH0D6ECRI::JUNK::Panasonic BL-C131A Network Camera Wireless 802.11This camera is junk, after approximately 2 years dead not working, 2 of them both dead. Do not buy this, I would suggest a Foscam for $85, if it goes dead the lost is minimized the quality is about the same.::Bruce A. Thomas "tdebat"::1.0::February 16, 2011
R2YR7038QBUQWY::More overseas junk::I bought this camera in March of 2008, connected it and used it until about May of 2008. It has been disconnected since then. I fired it back up and it will work while connected by wire but the wireless is shot. No amount of reconnection and messing about will get it to connect. The documentation  is Japlish and essentially useless.Not buying anything Panasonic again, junk.::TimH "Timpala"::1.0::April 21, 2008
RKMELPBX62H4N::Just follow directions...::This camera works as advertised.  Just follow directions and pay attention.  My router defaulted to an IP pool of 50.  My camera was automatically set to 192.168.1.253 by the auto-config program; it wouldn't work.  So, I decided to use DHCP (not auto-config) and let the router do the IP assigning, and the camera was assigned as .14, within the valid pool.  Worth noting; make sure your SSID for the camera matches your router's SSID.  The tendency may be for a user to give the camera its own SSID, such as "NetCamera," etc.  But, successful authentication into the router's wireless network necessitates that the camera's SSID matches the router's.UPDATE (01.16.09): The camera died after 7 months of use.  I sent it to Panasonic, and within 7 business days I received what appeared to be a new camera.  Not a bad experience, actually.  Originally I did not have the camera protected by an uninterpretable power supply, and I am almost certain that is the reason for the failure; a power outage surge.  I've had the unit connected to a UPS for the past few months and the camera hasn't required a reboot.UPDATE (06.26.09): When this camera gets its power from a UPS, it can go months without a reboot.  Granted, I know many installations make including a UPS an issue, but if you can use one, do so.UPDATE (07.21.11): The replacement referenced in 01.16.09 update is still working well under continuous UPS power. Rarely need to reboot camera. In fact, I cannot remember the last time I manually rebooted. Rock solid for me.UPDATE (12.17.13): Still works as well as it did after being refurbished.::G. N. Hughes "GNH"::5.0::January 26, 2008
R25NNLFCQF8J6O::If you can't view camera behind work firewall...::I wanted to set this camera up so I could view it at work. No matter what I did it didn't seem to work (my solution at end of review). A lot of reviews here say the panasonic tech support was excellent. That wasn't my experience. Sure they speak english and will spend time with you. But they couldn't solve my problem and blamed it on a lot of red herrings:- My 2WIRE modem/router is "quirky" - said I needed to have a separate Linksys router that was set up in "bridge" mode- MY ISP (AT&T;) is blocking port 80 outbound- That I should set the camera to a different port like 5000- My work firewall is blocking video/active X/ whatever- and on and onSO, after going out and buying suggested Linksys router, jumping thru all the hoops they suggested, spending no joke about 30 hours over two and a half days with three different support teams (AT&T;, Panasonic, and Linksys..even hired a paid support engineer)...it still didn't work.We finally found a technician with a company that sells net cams that told us what we needed to do was set the camera up as a hosted application in the 2WIRE router with ALL of the following ports opened as part of the hosted application: 80, 554, 5556, 5557, 5558, 5559. (Note that the camera itself is still set up with default port 80 in the Panasonic setup interface). When you create that custom application in the 2WIRE gateway, make sure you select your panasonic camera in the first drop down that designates the "computer" for the hosted application.This took me about 5 minutes to do from the firewall settings page on the 2WIRE router gateway management site.Not saying this will work for you, but it did for me. It was the only thing I did that made the camera visible at both my husband and my work. I couldn't tell you why this worked though, but I figure if these other people are using it to demo their cameras and if it also worked for me, then maybe it is a legit solution?  If I can save anyone the excruciating pain I went thru of chasing down a whole bunch of nonsense solutions I hope that helps. If not, at least you only invested a few minutes in trying it out.The camera itself, by the way, has a great picture and seems like it is pretty easy to operate.::laura f::4.0::July 2, 2009
R1BKNLDGER9ZGN::Now I know why this is the best selling camera.::This was the end result of a very long and extensive search. Needless to say, I was hoping it would meet my expectations and desires. And it did, by far.The camera is actually like an stationary robot, which you can operate by remote control over the internet. You can pan and tilt the camara remotely, which allows you to scan the area manually-imagine that!!Installation is relatively easy, but can be challenging if your router is an older model. However, the customer support this product comes with is unparalleled.What I like the most:1. The video quality you can see using any browser over the internet--plus audio!!2. You do not need your computer to be left on.3. It contains its own server, so it will email you notices or picures, if you want, in the event the camera sensor detects something.4. You can make changes on the fly over the internet, with instant results.5. You can log on as an administrator or simply as a limited viewer6. Patient and knowledgeable customer service.::Wilson "Golfer and Runner"::5.0::June 30, 2009
R3TUB9KOKGG810::Hard set-up. Call tech support before trying too hard!::I bought this camera after looking at the star rating. Seemed like it should be easy enough... Wrong!  I am fairly computer savvy (at least compared to most I know) and I had a horrible time.  I spent 6 hours messing with my router, my firewall, and the camera.  I finally read the reviews further and realized that almost everyone had to call Tech.  Do your self a favor... As soon as you have a problem call them. They speak real english and everything! 1-800-272-7033.The camera itself is great!  It has great range and I am surprised how well the microphone works.  We are using the camera more for security against theft but as a nanny cam it would be great too.Anyway.... Call support if you have problems.  I hope this helps others like me who think they will be able to "figure it out"!::Pam::4.0::June 3, 2009
R1QNC5L2GN5XF6::Great for Grandparents, Extended Family::We bought this as a gift for our daughter and son-in-law while they were waiting for their first child. It's setup in the Family Room, and the whole extended family accesses it and loves it. We're pretty spread out and many of us travel frequently, and even get our daily fix on our BlackBerries.Pros: EASY to setup and use, locate it anywhere in the house where there is a power outlet via wireless, viewers can steer the camera or point it to preset locations, password-controlled access to view the camera, can have up to 4 cams at once. Supports timed snapshots for browsers that can't stream video, like smart phones. Streams audio from the cam as well. Small, well-made, reliable, sharing is done through Panasonic's site so your home network doesn't get overloaded as more people access it. Rich feature set that we've just started to use.Cons: No audio component for Macs, pricey.::Paul Kerr::5.0::January 27, 2009
R2BKAKLTLZHF4L::Expensive but very good::The camera works fine and the installation process is easy. I think that night view could be better. Great product !!!::Gabi::4.0::January 17, 2009
R2NZBBJ11XJZTP::Great product and excellent service::These people have the best service that I've encountered in years.  I bought this webcam to use with Weather Underground.  The instructions to set it up were a little bit over my head.  I called them and within just a few minutes I was talking to someone in Virginia who was easy to understand.  They guided me through as far as I could go at that point.  A second call got me completely set up.  At about six months I had a viewing problem and the red light on the unit was flashing.  I was instructed to send it to their service center.  I sent it expecting it back in about a month.  I received it back the following Friday (a week later) and it is working fine.  In my opinion they have a fine product and excellent service.  I would never hesitate about buying another one of their products.::Tom Frasier::5.0::December 4, 2008
R22KT3QF4HUAXB::I really recommend the Panasonic BL - C131A Network Camera and here's why:::First off I have to tell you that I have never posted a review of anything prior to this purchase from [...]I feel obligated to assure you that this is the best network camera for home or small business use.  After reading and researching all the reviews I could find for this camera, I felt very comfortable with my decision to make this purchase.  Well....I am here to tell you that was a very wise choice on my part. I don't mean to sound self serving but I recommend everyone should research any product they are considering purchasing. That having been said please let me tell you the Panasonic BL - C131A Network wireless camera is outstanding and the technical support was just as impressive as the camera.I placed a call for Panasonic technical assistance to help me make the right connections to my wireless router and the Technician had me up and running within 10 minutes.  NOT A PROBLEM!!  I know you will really enjoy this camera and all the fun associated with it.  My wife and I breed and show AKC registered show dogs. We are using this camera to show all the people on our puppy list the growth and well being of our pups from the whelping stage right up to the time they go home with there new owners. This is an added plus for the customer and us. I know you will enjoy your new Panasonic Bl-C131A network Camera as much as we do. Rest assured in knowing you have made the right choice.::Shutterbug "Doug"::5.0::January 27, 2008
RC24U6T2T0GAL::Good little champ::We've owned this camera for several years and it's always proven reliable.  I recently moved and needed a camera at my front door to monitor for deliveries, but with no windows around the door I needed to put it outside.  Oh no (you absolutely should not put an indoor camera outside without working out some kind of waterproof and temp protection for it)!!  I housed this guy in a watertight lock box attached to the door in an always shaded place, and after dorking around with the motion detection settings to keep passing clouds from setting it off, it does exactly what it's supposed to do... it sends me screenshots only when someone approaches the door and ignores cars passing on the road 50 feet in the background!  The only way I'd be happier is if it had a true nightvision mode to monitor for after-hour baddies (after dark you can see there's someone there but can't see their face without the porch light on even just a few feet in front of the camera).  In fact I have several IP cameras in use as motion-detection security cameras, and the only ones that work correctly with the onboard motion detection are the Panasonics, provided you experiment with the settings enough for the area you put it in.  The previous review mentioning that they could not use the email function (as they couldn't change the email port number) must've been using an old version of the firmware; I was able to change the port and set up my email delivery just fine.  With regard to difficult set up, every IP camera I've ever used required you to first set it up wired so you can configure and enable the wireless, so you can't really blame the camera or Panasonic for that one.  Overall for what it is advertised to do it does a great job, and has gone above and beyond for me.::Sooz::5.0::April 18, 2014
R2116P5CRCS53G::Great Product but a throwaway::This is an excellent webcam until it stopped working.  I sent it off to Panasonic to get it fixed or get a refurbished one.  I would have paid - since it was out of warranty and I did really love the camera.I just received my broken camera in the mail, in pieces, not fixed and a charge to my credit card for services that provided me with no value whatsoever.  No description of the problem and no mention of options.  Jeez - I would have paid for that refurbished one!  Useless support that included the ubiquitous  " We apologized for any convenience", was, truly, awful.  There was another individual who also reviewed a Panasonic device and had a similar experience said, "I am glad it is not my TV".  Now there is a disturbing thought.Summary: Great technology; the camera is an excellent product (5 stars) and I suspect their TVs are too, but no more Panasonic products for me.  If you buy anything from Panasonic, I suggest you consider it to be a throwaway.::John O. May::5.0::September 22, 2013
RYETF3PERT4F3::Doesn't work with today's modern email systems.::I've always loved this camera.  BUT...The only downside is it used to send me an email when there was motion in front of the camera.  BUT, now it can't be configured to work with modern email accounts.The camera uses OLD, OLD, PORT 25 to send e-mail.  There is no way to use a different port, software won't allow you to configure a different port... So it just won't send email, or notices of intruders.A long time ago I used my company's email, worked fine, but they shut down port 25.  Then Comcast e-mail, same thing. Now I can't find any email that will allow this old Panasonic to send email.  I'm pretty technical, and I haven't found a forwarding solution yet or a software upgrade that will allow it to work with modern email.Otherwise, great camera!  I can log in, look around the room, hear what's going on and record if I want to.  Very cool for LIVE viewing!  Not so great to get pictures or video of who was there throughout the day, like it used to.  It would be nice to be notified of Motion activity.  But the picture is great and the color is much better than my security system cameras which are analog (NightOwl and Q-See).  And, the Panasonic works in VERY Low light, but it does need a light on, no night vision, you'll need a separate light to see anything in complete darkness.::K. Koffman::4.0::August 21, 2013
R21WSV8EK1JLMC::blinking red light of doom::After several years of constant use, my BL-C131A's wireless function has joined the ranks of the many that reviewers have posted here.  Wi-Fi is unusable. Constant blinking red light on the front. Diagnosis page reads:Displays hardware status. Entirely in case of 0 means no problem.Hardware(Main) 0000-0000-0000-0000-0000-0000-0002-0000-00It still works in wired mode, but that does restrict location and/or make for more work to run UTP to the drop.  Otherwise not a horrible netcam, but poor mid-term reliability makes it a bad choice.::Eric::2.0::March 31, 2013
R37SMSS39ZAKAU::Great Camera, terrible installation process, SUPER help line::Based on K Lam review below, I bought this camera, with the full knowledge that the set up process would be very painful.  I was not disappointed.  It took me 3 hours total, including an hour on the Panasonic help line and  hour on my ISP provider's help line..  These cameras are way too complicated to set up.  You have to reconfigure your modem, your router, and make multiple complex entries in the camera set up screens.  There is no way that this can all be accomplished with the directions provided.  The supplemental instructions provided in K Lam's review were much more useful.Having said that, now that the pain is over, it is a great camera for the money,  gives very good images, and will serve me well.  I do recommend this camera to anyone, but be prepared for the lengthy set up process.  I am confident that the set up process is just as complex with any net camera.::Steve Sewell::4.0::October 25, 2012
R19HPRNGBY59W8::Surprised by negative reviews!::Recommended this camera to a friend and was going to send info about it when I found the negative reviews.  Was very surprised!  We have 4 of these cameras... first one since 2007... and they work great!  They were a bit tricky to set up so that we could view all four on our iPad when we are away from home, but Panasonic tech support was very helpful. Setting them up may be too technical for the average computer user though. We would buy them again.::Sillycat::5.0::July 25, 2012
R3KBZ2FX1NNW7L::pricey but with lots of features::I'm not that tech savy, but I was able to get this up & running in about an hour or 2. My wife at her workplace was able to see inside our house well enough (a little herky jerky) and hear our nanny and baby.Pros: do not need to leave the pc on, able to pan and scan, able to hear, wireless, able to adjust light exposureCons: pricey, the resolution isn't that great, no optical zoom::Yiu Wai Chan::4.0::March 9, 2012
R2CEDI7OQRZXUK::Webcam that works on the iPhone!::I bought this product because I wanted a webcam that I could view and control from my iPhone. The website to view this webcam does work on the iPhone and it's the only one (at the time I purchased) that easily accomplished this. That being said, installation wasn't the easiest and involved me forwarding some ports on my router. Definitely not something that could be done by someone without some networking knowledge. Once the product was setup however, there were no problems.The picture quality on this cam could be better, but for the price I suppose you're paying mostly for the ability to adjust the camera and the ease of Panasonic's online webcam viewing site. I think if you are looking for a specialized cam (one that you can adjust from an iPhone), then this is a good purchase. If you don't care about being able to adjust the camera and aren't planning on using Panasonic's website to view your cam, I think there are much better options available for cheaper.::The Reviewmaster::4.0::December 15, 2010
R1GMF94FI0OLOD::OK, but Moderate Quality and Short on Image Tuning::This was a "Good as New" Panasonic-refurbished camera from Amazon.  The software CD was physically broken on arrival, and the manual it contained could not be downloaded from Panasonic, which resulted in more dollars spent. I spent about $10 of cell phone time waiting for support and bouncing around the Panasonic phone tree.  Panasonic charged me $18+ to replace the CD.My application is a webcam that sends still JPGs to my web site.  I have had experience with several other wireless webcams.  With pre-knowledge about this camera, I was able to get it working without the CD (but, I did want the manual).  Be aware that the viewing angle is fairly wide, which for my application (view of mountains from window) was a disadvantage.  The advertised 10x digital zoom is evidently unavailable for still JPGs.Pros:- A good choice of trigger features.- Ability to FTP to a web site (without DNS redirection).- The FTP options include files with same name (what I needed), or sequential file-names.- It mostly can be operated from a browser on a Mac.- Setup screens are intuitive and sensible.- This camera can handle sun-light terrain (unlike a TrendNew webcam that I tried).- So far, operation has been stable (unlike the Axis 207W which had a tendency to hang).Cons:- Image quality is not as good as my Axis 207W, which died.  Seems to have something like a pin-hole instead of a real lens.  (Due to its small aperture, its lack of focus capability is not so important.)- The JPG image quality could be improved, if a person had more tweaking options.- The advertised 10X digital zoom seems unavailable, at least for JPG stills.::Reed White::4.0::June 25, 2010
R13M10PAPMHX8K::Love this new little toy!::I love my new little wireless toy!  I found many uses and applications for it and it turned out to be both fun and useful.  Here are some of the ways I use it...  When I'm away from home I can check when my UPS delivery was done or when my assistants come or go from the office (I have a home office with two assistants) I also use it to check on kids when I'm not around, provided they don't unplug it (it happened once) :) When I'm too lazy to get out of bed, I check the weather or snow outside.  I installed it in such an angle so I can move it left-right and can see both outside and inside the living room.  I set a few preset points to be able to change position easily and quickly. I love the sound, I sometimes use it to communicate with my friends or my family in Europe.  Next step is to get the controller and add more pieces to my wireless home - the wireless lock, the thermostat, light switches, etc.  The camera will be programmed to record and save events during the day so I can review them at night.  I wish the camera had a bigger range of motion left to right so it could cover more ground and I wish also it had zoom - but I guess these features come with a higher price.  All in all I'm very happy with this new toy and with the possibilities it creates.::S. Moisescu::4.0::February 17, 2010
R3KLRQEF1WLGYY::Great IP Camera - Nannycam Functions TBD::Having tried and regretted many IP camera purchases (esp. Linksys) in the past, I researched and compared other pan/tilt/zoom cameras before finally arriving at the BL-C131A.  While the one I purchased was used, it still worked like a charm, and from what I can tell went through the same setup steps that a brand new device would.Originally, I hooked it into my wired LAN so I could access-then-configure it via the software, and while it took a minute or two to find, once it was discovered the rest of the setup was a breeze.  It's now wirelessly connected downstairs to my Linksys WRT300N upstairs, and has been going strong for days.  I often log in from work just to check on things at home, and make sure nothing's amiss.While cool, it also is hopefully going to help serve as a nannycam.  The main challenge in doing that is that I cannot record video easily to my website (for review at end of day).  This is a major downer for me, but the ease of use and fantastic pan/tilt/zoom features make up for the loss (while I'm looking for solutions).All in all, it's a great cam which fits the needs I've got now, and hopefully will work for my future needs as well.  If it does, I'll be getting a couple more to complete the kit.::P. Rockwell::5.0::February 10, 2010
R35HABTXKZ2GRV::Decent camera, Still too MS centric::The initial setup requires a PC, Panasonic's software that comes on the included CD and an Ethernet cable (not included) to connecting the camera to your network/PC.  Panasonic's software and a PC are needed to set the camera's initial IP address.  Once this is done, the rest of the setup can be done via a web browser.  Wireless network setup was fairly standard and should be not be difficult for anyone who has configured wireless devices before.The networking seems reliable, its been up for three days now without problems.This camera is surveying my business parking lot.  The daytime image is good.  At night, one can see the shape of a person standing in the parking lot, but not fine details.The camera can be viewed and controlled from Firefox but there is no audio or zoom capability.  Instead of telling me this plainly in their documentation, their on screen messages tricked me into wasting time installing the Java Runtime Environment and searching for non-existent applets on their website.In order to get audio, you need IE and their ActiveX control.  Panasonic could have made this camera where setup could be done 100% by a web browser, just like a Linksys router.  They could have made it so that all of the features work with other browsers besides IE.  For this reason, I only give the camera a rating of 3.  It may be better than anything else out there in this price range, but it is not as good as it could be.::dmeister::3.0::February 6, 2010
R2053HSL1DSJH2::From Wisconsin::Although I had a lot of time setting this product up and getting it going it paid for it self in monitoring our home in Wisconsin while we were in Florida. The furnace quite and we were able to see the temp in the house and call the repair man so the house did not freeze up. Works great. Easy to log on and see and hear what the camera sees.::R. Groh "Mr Bob"::5.0::February 6, 2010
R1H76TQLTPWIA4::Panasonic BL-C131A::I did a lot of research first and selected the Panasonic. Linking to the router needed a tech service call, which I expected from my readings. They were terrific and walked me through the steps needed to get on-line. Even if you are not technical, it's very easy with their help. After the camera is up and running, it works flawlessly and easily. We use it to watch sunsets over the lake while we are stuck in the city. This is awesome.::T. T. guy::5.0::January 30, 2010
R3HWDHR2OLYOQD::Just what I wanted!!::I have been thinking about a video web camera for a while.  I read all the good reviews for this Panasonic camera and I had to have it!! The reviews were right on the money!!  K Lam had a great review that really helped me set up the web based connection with the help of the very nice and helpful customer service from Panasonic!!  Now I can check on my Dogs from anywhere and know they are doing ok!!  It is also a peace of mind to know things are kind of monitored at home while I am away.  I look foward to trips now and being able to check on my dogs and see that everything is going ok!!  The picture is clear and I love that you can move the angle around to see what is going on!!  It is a very nice web cam for the money!!::J. Paris "Dog Lover"::5.0::January 6, 2010
R3MCLZBC8PCL49::Excellent Camera::Setting up for local access is a snap -- remote access setup was a struggle but, jumping thru firewalls and routers is always a chore. I have to port forward past two routers and firewalls, but I finally got it working. Be sure to set the camera up to self restart once a day. Everything works perfect now.::A. Thompson::5.0::January 6, 2010
R17B95SDVCPPSB::Panasonic Wireless Camera::After reviewing several cameras (on and off Amazon), I decided to purchase this model. Have purchased several Panasonic products in the past and have liked their overall quality. This camera is another solid product. We primarily use the camera to check on our dogs during the work day during a free minute. The one feature I would have liked (but most likely would have been more expensive) was a zoom feature. Wife and myself are pleased with the unit and we have already recommended it to 2 different couples. The one tricky item was getting the UPnP working with my Linksys WRT-54G. Several times the camera would indicate (with its detailed error reporting) that the UPnP was not working. This would disable the ability to view the camera over the internet. However, after fiddling with various options on the router (some picked up from other internet users), and being stubborn, the camera is working great on a daily basis.::Amazon Customer::4.0::January 2, 2010
R2V31QD9DPRLVE::Assembly required::Did not find an easy way to initialize the camera using Apples' OSX within the two hours I had to set up the product. That makes a two-star on the ease of use. Low light performance is not good (7AM on a winter day in room in Chicago makes an impossible to view dark recording), which makes it 4-star overall for features. Network connectivity on a LAN is a snap, works seamlessly with Synology DSM 2.2. I did not test the WAN connectivity.::VLAD DIDENKO::4.0::January 1, 2010
RNPP0DZ9FZ9K9::Fantastic camera::Bought this camera to keep an eye on our condo 800 miles away. It was very easy to setup and works flawlessly. I also have it so when "triggered" it sends the pictures to my BlackBerry Tour. I am a recent Mac convert, so I do not receive audio but everything else works perfectly. For the money, this is a great purchase.::Herb Gregory::5.0::December 26, 2009
R3V5532XI74NX7::Great product, difficult and lengthy set up with ATT Uverse Residential Gateway::The product is great.  Set up was a headache.  It took 5 hours on and off with the amazing Panasonic Customer Service team to get the camera working with the ATT U-verse Wi-fi Enabled Residential Gateway.  The free [...] service is still not operational for me.  Next time I have another free 5 hours I will tackle that obstacle.Works well with Iphone webcam apps too.::Private "private31"::4.0::December 25, 2009
R5V1XK51CAZQG::Worth the Money::Bought one, am buying another and now my friends are buying them. You get what you pay for. Panasonic has better quality cameras but this is made for the general user/Harry homeowner. Keep in mind you will need  patience to set it up wireless. Calling Tech support is a must(for me.) Best to just call them before start fiddling with it, unless you are a network person.  Quality is okay, no crashes, stable, love the ability to forward images to  email address when motion is detected. That way in case the camera is stolen or broken, you got the images in your inbox.  For the price, it is a no brainer. Just buy it you won't be sorry. But remember, you may have to spend some time setting it up with the help of tech support.::Michael Giamber "mikeyg"::4.0::December 19, 2009
R208BPAMHYS6JS::Panasonic BL-C131A network wireless camera 802.11::The camera is compact and attractive. Fairly easy to set up. The picture quality is fuzzy but good enough for the intended purpose. Controlling the camera via the internet works well. It takes more than one attempt to set the sensitivity so that you don't get bombarded with emails when motion is detected.::W. Johnson "Mellonbill"::3.0::December 5, 2009
R28KOIX21I5R77::Not Ready for Primetime::The Panasonic BL-C131A performs as advertised but the setup requires a good understanding of IP networking.  It does not allow login via Safari browser on a Mac for me but works well with IE and Chrome in Windows environment.  Overall I am pleased with the device.::H. Warren::3.0::November 13, 2009
R34RUYKIYKAIE5::Love this camera!::Was very trying to set this camera up so I can view on the internet but K Lam and other reviews Helped so much!!!!It is now up and has been for over a month and I havent had a single problem.Well I did have trouble getting motion detection setup w my comcast mail but 2 calls to comcast and a chat with them solved that problem. I had the wrong port number for smtp.Love the camera controls so I can move it around the room and motion detection also works like a charm.Sound is Really good! almost too good ;)I bought this w the dlink 1130 which is also decent but this one is better with the extra features like moving the picture around the room. Lots of fun with the dogs!I haven't had any connection problems either. I have been able to go online at work and even on vacation to view the room with no issues!Here is the comcast information if anyone needs it:SMTP Server IP Address or Host Name: [...]port 587How to Authenticate:SMTPEnter Comcast email address and password::D::5.0::November 5, 2009
R1YCVJSU9W2O8B::Solid, reliable Network camera::this camera has performed reliably for me and is easy to setup for access over the internet.  i run it on an apple router with no problems.It performs as advertised and is good value for price.  Audio is a plus.My only wish is the that the motion detection feature was more robust, but that would require an SD card and add to the cost.::Larry::5.0::November 1, 2009
R34VNBU4YF0UL1::Very good camera::This is a very good camera.I've been using it for a month and never ran into problems. The picture is clear. The wireless connection is very steady: not a single drop for a whole month! The software functions well but is very basic and definitely needs an upgrade. Only one thing is missing: night vision, but otherwise worth every penny.::Edward V::5.0::October 20, 2009
R2GRHH5SGOSH7Q::Great while it works, great pain while it doesn't::I purchased the BL-C131A at a store, brought it home, and spent two to three hours trying to get it configured with a Mac. The options can be overwhelming and the web interface not so intuitive but you get all the features you'd expect for the price. The hardware is nice and heavy but the plastic shell feels a bit flimsy. Picture quality looked pretty good once I had it set up to simply ftp snapshots off-site when motion was detected.Two days after the return period ended (today) and the camera has stopped responding. I have yet to try resetting and reconfiguring (in the middle of dismantling the network for a move) but will update this review with the outcome.::Victor Love::2.0::September 19, 2009
R3OMVXQLSQROGD::Love the cameras and using it with the TENM3 service makes it very rewarding::I have multiple PANASONIC 131, BLC1 & 581s at home for monitoring and surveillance. I love the cameras, the quality of the feed and controls. Interestingly I also use it with the TENM3 internet service to enable more functions like sharing my PARTIES at home with a large network of friends world over, watching my PET while I am away, Interacting with loved ones and LIVE VIDEO CONFERENCING for business and more. I like the service since its very inexpensive and importantly provides needed functions while eliminating the LOADING on the camera(s)/ servers.My friends also like it since they interact with me LIVE and a lot of them have also implemented the same. Fundamentally, the cameras can be used for more then MONITORING / SECURITY applications and is incorporated into our daily lives. The ALWAYS ON cameras are controlled by me/us via my TENM3 account to Share / Store / Allow friends to enjoy our LIVE events. Some of my friends also use Panasonic Cameras + Tenm3 for delivering a class from home ( art & cooking ).Bottom line, PANASONIC CAmeras along with tenm3 service are a part of our life now.::Always ON "Always ON"::4.0::September 6, 2009
RYG0MPLOMWFOU::As advertised::I couldn't get it to work on the internet, but will try again...  Because I could tell for sure the problem was me, and not the product.  I can see no reason not to recommend this camera.  It seems to be exactly as advertised.::Donald Weber::5.0::October 30, 2008
R1SS3WVLRGUEAE::Wow::I'm very pleased with this camera. I did a lot of research for the best camera to serve as a baby monitor and decided to go with this one per reviews. The quality is the best in the price range, the setup was an absolute breeze, and the features are many. Not quite good enough to see the baby breathing or anything, but good for other viewing.  I may still need to get an audio monitor that can be carried around the house. Even the more complex aspects of setup are well documented and easy to understand. I'm able to get streaming video on XP, OSX, and an iphone without any issues.  I was even able to give extended family access (via the cool, free web server) in a matter of minutes.::Booked "booked2"::5.0::September 15, 2008
R1DO8YG8YOCVN1::Review of model::We need to check well, what model is good for your work, since BL-C130 is similar to BL-131A. Finally I choose BL-C130, and I am very hapy for the easy way has amazon to interchange or return items that you really want and need.::Ramon J. Ardavin Migoni::5.0::August 28, 2008
R16YB5B1QJSYXB::Excellent Turn-Key Network Cam::This is an excellent product with a very intuitive software interface for manageing the camera.  I found it to be very simple to set up with my wireless router.  The whole process from opening the package to viewing the camera image on the internet took less than an hour.  If you have never logged into and configured your router you are probably going to struggle more setting it up, however the instructions are very easy to follow so take your time and read each step carefully and you won't have any problem.  I found it easier to view the camera over the internet directly to the camera's IP address rather than using the web address they provide for you.  I can access the camera homepage on my Blackberry but the links for viewing or configuring aren't able to be activated, so I'm still trying to figure that part out.Be aware this camera requires power, so you need to plan for that wherever you are going to install it.This product exceeded my expectations and I recommend it for anyone for consumer use.::R. Johnson::5.0::August 14, 2008
R157XW8VY8N75D::kdan's review::Nice cam, I purchased two, movement is a little jerky and I never could get the zoom feature to operate correctly. but the cam as a whole does everything else I expected of it. cust. service is very good. As for recommendation I would recommend it.::K. Daniels::4.0::June 24, 2008
RQCP0Z582C02K::Excellent Product for an Excellent Price::I took a lot of time to research a good camera that I could monitor while I'm at work. This camera has exceeded my expectations so far. I had to hit and miss a couple of times to get the wireless up but it wasn't too bad if you follow the instructions online. If you're not very computer savvy, I recommend calling customer support. The camera works flawlessly. I love the programmability of the features such as panning to certain areas and timed activation or motion detection activation. Zoom is digital so don't expect perfection out of it. The delay from camera to my screen at work is only about 2 to 3 seconds which is about as good as you can get with an IP camera. My only complaint is that I wish it was a 2-way speaker but I'm happy with at least being able to hear noise in the house. The mic isn't fantastic but it does the job for what I need. The image is a little grainy but you can identify faces easily enough and the police can take your image and increase the detail if they need to.All in all a great buy at 270 bucks. If you're buying more than one, be prepared to pay an extra 300 bucks for an IP camera router which is also sold here. I may upgrade to that soon. I also recommend at least 300k upload speed for one camera at 640x480 resolution. Initially my upload was at about 150k and the camera lagged badly at 640x480 and even lagged in 320x240 resolution. After I upgraded my connection, it worked fine in both modes. If you want a high resolution PTZ security camera, then you're going to pay big bucks and have problems uploading the data unless you have a speedy internet connection. If you want a good camera that gives you access to real-time video and audio of your personal space from any computer, then this is a good deal.::J. Simmons::5.0::June 4, 2008
RJOYYGKQKPL6P::Excellent camera, easy setup, great audio::I bought this camera after I tried a few 2.4 GHz cameras. It is simply amazing. We are using this to watch our babysitter and our infant remotely, it works very well. It was easy to set it up, took 2 more minutes to create users and edit what they are entitled to view. I followed directions and made it register at Panasonic's viewnetcam.com website. You can view the video from pretty much anywhere. The audio is great.::Balaji Sathyanarayana "sbalajirao"::5.0::May 27, 2008
RSNAJEHJ9QM2I::Fantastic camera!::I just received this camera, and had it set up and working within 20 minutes. I couldn't believe how easy it was to set up, and was amazed at the picture quality. The internet access for it is awesome! I would definitely recommend this camera. Totally cool!!!!!!!::M. Barry "Sugar Bear"::5.0::May 3, 2008
R1WOMP6K02QI8F::Excellent Camera for nanny or otherwise::Initially i thought i had complex network configuration with 3 routers in line (comcast, VOIP, Wireless). It worked excellent with even that configuration.You can see the camera from mobile, PC. Almost anywhere. Gives peace of mind. I LOVE IT!::Alok::5.0::May 3, 2008
RQNXJ2HB9FQ9L::Great wireless network camera::An absolutely great camera.  They thought of everything.  Multiple timers/recorders, WEP security, free web service, decent microphone, etc.  In very little time (30 min) I had it up and running on my network and viewable from the internet.  Nice to check on my folks and kid while I'm at work.  The video quality is what I expected (640x480).  Your not going to be taking any 5 megapixel pictures with this.  My only unrealistic expectation is that it could see in the dark via infrared.  Oh, and that is was invisible... and free...Seriously, I've seen cameras costing $400 that weren't as well thought out as this one.  The software is sofisticated which makes it challenging for someone who hates to read manuals.  But there's not too much this camera can't do.  I really like how tunable the motion sensitivity is.  It can record a cat walking though the room and ignore a plant blowing in the breeze.Definitely a good buy at $268 and Amazon got it to me faster than I could blink.::P. Applegate "MicroE"::5.0::May 2, 2008
R2DJGA2PQEAE1V::EXCELLENT PRODUCT::I EXAMINED SEVERAL SIMILIAR PRODUCTS AND THIS ITEM WAS THE BEST ALL AROUND SERVALENCE CAMERA BY FAR.  THE CUSTOMER SUPPORT IS EXCELLLENT AND A DEFINATE TIME SAVER.::LOYAL AMAZON CUSTOMER::5.0::April 23, 2008
R11Y7HN9W50U5A::Almost perfect::I got 3 of these as nanny-cams and they're working out fairly well in that regard.  The video quality isn't exactly awesome but then no camera in this price range will give you much better.  For monitoring purposes, it's sufficient.  The audio is a nice feature.  The web interface is reasonably intuitive and gives you lots of options.  The one feature I wish this had was mp4 recording to a remote source.  this camera touts its mpeg4 video abilities but it's only usable in 'live' mode.  If you want to record for later review, it will have to be mjpeg - and without sound.If this camera could record to some sort of 'video with audio' format, it would get 5 stars from me - if you don't care about recording for later review, it's just about perfect.::Michael Drob::4.0::January 11, 2008
R2I1GJZENVMVJX::It does the job.::Pro's:For the money, it works great.  I would buy another one.I put this in a small building about 200 feet back from the house so my children can watch the chickens doing what ever chickens do during the cold months of winter.I like the pan and tilt programmable presets. The zoom is not optical and so it is only somewhat useful. It is fairly wide angle as well.  We run it at 640x480 MJEG mode and the video is good. I put a big-number-thermometer in there and we can easily read it.  The audio works suprisingly well.  You have to download and install an audio codec for your browser to get this to work.The other nice part of this package is that Panasonic offers a free web service so you can see your camera from anywhere on the web. It was easy to set up and works just fine.I had a problem getting it working on wireless (you set it up by first plugging it into a wired connection).  You have to *exactly* follow the steps in the doc and I did not. The Panasonic customer service rep was really kind and had me up and running in 5 minutes. I put this under Pro's because although the set up was a bit confusing for me, the customer service was so good.  I try to only buy stuff from companies that hire nice and qualified people in customer service.Con's:You need some basic PC/Networking technical skills to get this thing to work.  My wife, for example, who is a big email/IM girl could not or would not have gotten this to work.  If you are comfy setting up a router and wireless access point as well as configuring browser settings, you can do this. If not, don't touch it.Hope this helps. :)::Click Click "The photo guy"::4.0::December 28, 2007
R15BDD0HLP0LKG::Died After A Couple Years for No Reason - JUNK::Had this camera for a few years.  Setup is ALWAYS a pain in the butt.  No matter what or where.  Quality of the image is poor.  Support folks have odd ways of "helping".  Now, after a few years, something seems to have failed inside even though it says it's working fine.Complete e-trash!  BUYER BEWARE!!!Panasonic support wants it to be sent in.  They have no idea, but obviously it's an ongoing issue - see other reviews with the exact same error code.  Something tells me this is Panasonic's way to adding more money.::MasterTech4523 "CambridgeTech"::1.0::December 27, 2007
RKURZOO6CVLOA::Great product::this web cam is great, easy set up good video quailty and works great with my Iphone,  Bought this before I went on a trip so I could keep an eye on my cats,  works great live video on my phone.  I will soon order another one for a differnt room.  only issue I an having is setting up the email notification part of it for the movement alarm.::Tony S. Loeza "tsloeza"::5.0::November 22, 2007
R105NBC7LA1N23::exactly what it claims to be::Great camera.  Works like it said it would.  Great customer service. I set it up easily and its worked fine ever since.::Donald L. Martinez Sr.::5.0::November 14, 2007
R3FN5XTXIT2WD9::Excellent camera! Many features, easy to set up and use.::Excellent camera!  The instructions included with the camera made it easy to set up on my wireless network. The free DNS service at viewnetcam.com was also a breeze to set up and it works great.  Images and video are excellent, as are the pan & zoom features.  Sound is good.  The ability to set up motion and sensor triggers to capture images was a great feature that I hadn't planned on.  Other Panasonic network cameras can be registered with this one so the output from multiple cameras can be viewed on a single web page.  Very satisfied with this product!UPDATE: I have found that IP Cam Viewer is a fantastic app for accessing this camera, and many others, on an Android phone. I've been using it to access both this Panasonic camera and a set of Q-See cameras.  Even though the cameras are different types from different vendors, the app puts all of the images together in a nice tiled display.  I can select any one of the cameras to view full screen by tapping the corresponding tile.  All of the features (pan, tilt, mic, etc.) are supported by the app.::B. Hansen::5.0::November 9, 2007
R184OEOH896JKY::Above average camera::As other reviewers, I have to call in for tech support to set up this camera. Tech person was professional and helpful. The resolution is as good as you can get from an internet camera, but not perfect. I have not tested much of other internet cameras out there so I did not know others quality. Wish it come with a Zoom feature, it would be perfect.::C. Ho::4.0::November 7, 2007
R1MZ3W7ZQY4VJ6::Worth The Money......::Don't bother with the other cameras! Panasonic web hosting is awesome. I can check on our pets anytime! It was pretty simple to set up. I did call Panasonic tech support & I had two people helping me. Once I gave them the model of my wireless router, up and running in 10 seconds!Again, don't bother with the others, if you affoed it, get the Panasonic.::JPS "Electronics freak"::5.0::November 6, 2007
RW4CTVTFUAWZJ::Very pleased::I'm very pleased with this camera. I'll be getting more of them. Set-up was a breeze, although documentation was poor. I'm using it for security, viewing from the internet and my PDA (Palm OS) and it works great. Next I'd like to figure out how to transfer to a ftp site so that I don't need to leave a computer on to save images.::W. Brooks::5.0::November 2, 2007
R30A3E3UFPBCBL::web cam::This works great great picture and easy to use i can see out of our house in Florida anytime i want to!::Kevin J. Mccarthy::5.0::October 22, 2007
R13PZSM3CTZ6E2::BL-C131 Best I've Found::I started out with the Linksys wireless camera.  It was terrible. Minimum features and video quality was poor.  It doesn't have a fraction of the features compared to the Panasonic, granted Pano is three times as much.  But spend the money and don't waste your time with Linksys.  The BL-C131provides good video quality and the pan, tilt works great.  Accessing and setting up from the free web portal is easy and slick.The bad things about the camera: documentation was poor, I got the zoom feature to only work with MJPEG in windows Explorer (but it works well), the night vision is useless (shows a black screen), the MPEG4 was difficult to make work and didn't self install like the manual said.  The record GUI had problems installing but once I self installed MPEG4 it worked like a champ.Overall this camera has been stable and is probably the best on the market.  If you run into a problem go online to Pano web site.  They have updates MPEG4 installs etc.  Once the pain of installation was done I'm really happy.::Feedback "mchorp"::4.0::July 18, 2007
R13TH89MH9MNEL::Worked out of the box...::I was a little worried about buying this camera as I had tried a Linksys WVC54G a while ago  and couldn't get two of them to work wirelessly (assumed the first was faulty - gave up after the second failed to connect wirelessly to a Linksys router).  The Panasonic took about an hour to setup I assume because I made an error the first time.  Now that it is setup, it works flawlessly.  I haven't had to reset it, or had any other issues with the camera.  I wish it had an optical zoom, and better night vision, but that was my choice and all it takes is more money.  As it is, the Panasonic cost twice what the Linksys did, but the Panasonic has pan/tilt and it works wirelessly on our 802.11g network.There are almost endless settings for the camera and I'm not sure I'd give it to my parents expecting them to be able to install it.  However, once configured it's like an appliance - just plug it in.We have the camera setup in the kids room, and the grandparents LOVE it.  We also use it quite a bit both from within the house, and from work.  There will soon be another camera installed in the downstairs play area.::Enzeder::5.0::July 9, 2007
R1HMG0W6Q6PV96::Nice picture, but poor reliability::We used this product to be able to check in on babies without opening the door and waking them.  It worked well for this purpose, and the picture was pretty good and better than expected in low light.  Two gripes with the product.  First, the viewnetcam websites were unreliable, so checking in on the kids from work was hit or miss.  Second, and more importantly, the products do not last.  We've had two C131As, and both broke down after about 18 months.  We didn't drop them or damage them in any way, they just stopeed working, and the warranty expired after 1 year.::New Dad::2.0::April 13, 2009
R26JGQDR7EUUM8::Good Camera  Poor , Deteriorating Support Service::Initially bought this camera in 2008 and it has worked well until the wireless module failed. It requires support to install and sometimesre-install. The support service provided by Panasonic has deteriorated so much that it no longer fully supports the camera installation, especially if support is provided by off-shore Jamaica. Advanced IT support for ISP routers which was previously provided isn't any longer.,After four months of attempting to recover from the wireless module failure, I'm still not fully able to use the camera as before to remotely monitor my home because Panasonic no longer supportsfull installation. This fiasco has included me spending a minimun of 10 hours on the phone with various support personnel, returning the camera 4 times for repair. One of the returns was set up for an exchange after 3 previous tech support people declared the camera broken. But after waiting two weeks for the exchange it finally wound up at the repair facility for the fourth time.I'm told the exchange was a mistake."::Donald D. Bell::1.0::May 6, 2011
R2CX03VCCBI4ZR::Excellent camera but not user friendly!::Picture quality is excellent for a camera that small and the mic is very sensitive that you. However, as a normal user it was impossible for me to configure it to my router.It was not the type of plug and play camera, I had to take it to an IT expert.::Ahmed K.::3.0::December 2, 2008
R1FOJYRVZHR579::BEATS ALL OTHER NET CAMERAS::Look no further. . . . .This camera has it all.Let's summarize this with pros and cons to make reading easier. I love, love, love Panasonic products. They always make high quality products and always impress me with new ideas.Panasonic truly does have ideas for life. Sad that they let go of so many people recently and even sadder of the natural disasters in Japan.PROS:Night-mode scan -- detects body heat.Pan and tiltFree remote viewing via IE (sorry guys, so far, I had to use this browser. The other browsers kind of work) Logitech makes you pay $79 per year for this access.You get your own custom name on [...] You can be [...] I think you get the idea.Automatic email alerts P.S. Use your ISP email address to send FROM the camera to other accounts. For me, it's Comcast. I use this account (username, password, mail server) and then it sends to any mail account.Pictures are delivered so fast to my yahoo accountCan record everything that is seen as long as a computer is running (also a CON)Security is WPA2 . . . . for a net camera!!!!Incredible, incredible customization.CONS:Instructions are not really clear and actually have screenshots from Windows XP!!Camera resolution could be much, much higher. Found very nice net cameras on Japanese websites but they are pricy!Customer support can't hear very well and takes a while to get back to you (my experience).Can record everything that is seen as long as A computer is running (also a CON) If the camera had a built-in memory card, this could be buffered to internal memory and then transferred over the internet.Setup is not easy. If you're a novice, you will probably need someone's help, but this camera is so worhtwhile.The video recorder function really was not easy to set up.All in all, I highly recommend this product. There are so many reviews that I thought I would add some positive remarks to this.I hope you find this product enjoyable and useful.Thank you.Update: 19 June 2011Tried to set this up again on a different router and it is stuck flashing orange. I think Panasonic knows about this and is secretly giggling somewhere. They are just waiting (only between M-F standard business hours) to take our calls in India.Boy, the setup is a royal nightmare but it is well-worth it for this camera.::Robelek::5.0::May 13, 2011
RIL5VHFT4Y3TJ::Not good enough for business::This product is OK, if you only have one computer connected to your Modem ROUTER. If you have 2 or 3 computers connected to your Router for wireless connection. Then, you will have problem viewing it, it may required repeated resetting.  I'm planning to have this replace soon. This product,  I think works fine if you use it at home. [...]::ROBERTO C. LADAO::2.0::December 16, 2010
R3MDFV3VPVJGKU::Best buy for a mac and for the money::I have 3 of these cameras since my home was broken into a few weeks back.I use evocam software which allows me to set up recording when triggered by sensor ect. basically to do what the camera can not. My only problems being for one i purchased a new unit and found out it was used because it had a view net cam password connected to it which takes 2 to 3 business days to correct and amazon did the right thing as for refunding the difference.It sucks that theirs no sound for mac users say someone has a masks on and breaks in it can make all the difference. The night view isnt night view but overall this is a great camera for the money and with the use of motion lights can effectively record and photo intruders.I did buy one that was sent back because the wireless module was not working.As for viewing threw internet all i did was went to port forwarding created a rule to use port 5000 and then clicked the ip4 button and changed that port to 5000 also now i can view with iphone and mac.::Brian J. Murphy "thirddimensiontattoos.com"::4.0::November 9, 2009
R2D5FAY6U6OL14::Great product::Was easy to set up though I would say that one needs some knowledge of one's home network in order to set it up easily. The website that provides a dynamic URL service ([...]) is sometimes unreliable but other than that we have not complaints. There have been no technical issues at all though I have not tried to do any advanced stuff with this camera. I have just stuck to basic viewing, remote panning, etc. The only reason that I am not giving a 5 start rating is because I think that the product is somewhat overpriced, by around $[...].::A. Saha::4.0::July 14, 2009
R2SROSL269DTUY::Great value for the price::This camera is a great value at it's price, sure it's not the best you can buy, but it has features and performs like a more expensive product. I only have great things to say about this cam. Give it a try, I don't think you'll be disappointed. One thing I especially like about this cam is the remote pan and tilt which works so well. The cam has been very reliable even though it's wireless. For the price you won't find a better quality product.::Steve K "Steve"::5.0::June 9, 2009
RMDJGRN56NQSV::It works!::I have had this now for a couple of months and it has been working flawlessly. I had to call customer support because it would not work in Firefox and the support was excellent ...::G. Nagy::5.0::June 7, 2009
R2T3DAQW2P3LA2::Excellent camera::Having read some of the previous reviews I was expecting a difficult setup process involving multiple calls to Panasonic customer service but I was delighted to find out that it worked straight out of the box onto my wireless network. I think the reason why it was so easy for me is that my Dlink router supports uPnP which automatically configures many of the required settings including port forwarding.Video works perfectly on both my PC and MAC and i'd thoroughly recommend this Network Camera.::Andrew Lowe "SJDrew"::5.0::June 2, 2009
R3AFEH8HE6W8W1::Persistence and Patience are Key::Now that the installation is done, it works great.  Clean pictures, nice panning and tilt range, everything works like its suppose to.  HOWEVER: this is the most non-intuitive software I've ever installed.  Getting it to communicate wirelessly and accessing it through a remote computer was absolute torture.  After 2 days, I finally gave up and whisked off a sarcastic email to Panasonic's support site.  And I have to say, they were great.  They actually called me and walked me through all the steps to get it all set up.  The technician was friendly and knew exactly what to do, and it probably took less than 10 minutes.  Now I'm as happy as the proverbial clam.  I can think of only 2 small complaints: one, it doesn't see well in the dark even when there's a full moon, and two, my internet connection is a little less stable but it only takes a minute to reset it.::Bainisg "Bainisg"::4.0::May 16, 2009
R28327ZRKFFEDB::Great Camera!::This is a great camera.  I bought it based on amazon.com reviews praising the camera AND the customer support.  Happy to say that I didn't need customer support.  The installation went very smoothly and took less than an hour from inbox to wired install to wireless install.  the sound only works in Internet explorer not in firefox or safari.  The software lets you access and control the camera from your network or from the internet and has programmable buttons for preset positions in the room you're watching.  I highly recommend it!::D. Schlaudecker::5.0::January 21, 2009
RAOUF7DKIE8FU::Top of the line network camera::This camera has exceeded my expectations. The wireless setup was easy and the image and the sound quality is absolutely excellent even when it's used wirelessly. The only minor complaint is when you initally set the camera up, it needs to be connected to a router. However Panasonic does not include the LAN cable in the package.::Alex "Alex"::5.0::January 8, 2009
R213CBO8BMMN6K::Excellent product, best in its class::I read the reviews and researched internet cams of this type extensively before purchase.  Linksys, D-Link, all had numerous bad reviews with common complaints being image quality, setup, and reliability.  This Panasonic cam is excellent.  Setup was straightforward when you follow the instructions.  Make sure that SSIDs match up after you've done everything else for setting up your FREE domain from Panasonic.  The cam has a built-in SSID that is not going to match your network so change it.  It took me a while to figure out why everything worked while hard wired to my network, but not wirelessly.  So far, the cam has performed flawlessly with motion detection (including advanced detection features) and access from anywhere I can get internet access.::Douglas A. Gerard Md "Doug"::5.0::January 7, 2009
R1W4WZ36982UI8::Expensive but Great Technical Support::I purchased two of these cameras so my wife and I can view our baby's room from work.  There are better optics from other web-cams out there but what makes this product stand out from the rest is that (a) it works and (b) it works because the Panasonic provides human beings to walk you through the set-up process.  It's complicated (at least to me) because you have to make sure your router is set-up (port(s) open/forwarded) and that's not something non-techies understand.  However, by the end of my third call to Panasonic over the course of two days (Weekend days by the way), the patient and helpful folks at Panasonic go both my cameras working.  After a few awful technical support experiences at companies like Dell- it was a real surprise to get such support.  I purchased a similar product (wired web-cam this time) from D-Link two years ago and wound up selling it on Ebay for 1/3 of what I paid for it after I couldn't that that webcam to work and the technical support at D-Link told me the issue was my router which was out of their jurisdiction.  I'm going to look more seriously at other Panasonic products now that I have had such a good experience with their techincal support staff.::Glen P. Smith "GPS"::5.0::January 4, 2009
R25JM4SYWZXAV2::Surprising number of features - Well designed::This was purchased for security for my house.  I'm able to record any activity to a remote PC (at my office) so even if someone steals the camera, I'll have the activity recorded off-site to catch the theif (hopefully).The setup was surprisingly simple with UPnP with my router.  I expected to have to tinker with the settings but it just worked out of the box.The camera management software is mature and feature-rich.The web interface is impressive with full-motion video and camera control.  It even has a web page designed specifically for cell phones/PDAs.The audio doesn't work with iPod Touch/iPhone but the video is clear and the web site is fully functioning on those devices.Impressive.::Dwax::5.0::December 24, 2008
R10CBAM7SCIM83::believe the good reviews::This was as good as all the reviewers rated it.  I definitely recommend it.::G. George "g2loud"::5.0::December 17, 2008
R1MBGPMH8H2PQQ::one of the best, setup does not require the CD::This is my second Panasonic camera, the BL-C10 (the wired only model) being the other.  Image quality is superb, and the browser controllable pan/tilt works well.Don't worry if you use an operating system that doesn't allow you to set up the camera using the setup program on the CD.  You can jack it into your home LAN in wired mode, set it up with a web browser, then go wireless.  Some of the other reviews and using a search engine will get you the info you need to do this.  The CD does contain some helpful PDF files that anyone can view with any operating system.The WPA and WPA2 wireless encryption work fine on this unit.  I feel it's a very good buy for the money.::slackwaredave::5.0::December 16, 2008
R2QUTBJA6EG6OJ::BL C 131A - Great Product::The product exceeded my expectations. It doesn't mention in the literature it's ability to buffer 150 + images (format dependant) to capture events that occur while the camera is not being actively monitored. This was a bonus. Setup was relatively easy but took 1.5 days ( not full time effort). For remote access to camera, user must know how to obtain own remote access IP address, possibly change settings on broadband modem etc. Not difficult but not explained in set up guide.::G. Keenan::5.0::December 16, 2008
R2GI27R5O923M3::Simple, Easy, and worth every penny::The Panasonic cameras (we bought 3 - 2 for indoors and 1 outside) are exceptional in both quality and ease of setup.  I read many reviews of people having issues setting up the wireless connection, but I found it to be very simple after discovering the keys to it - My NetGear wireless N router is set in B/G mode and you must set the cameras to B/G as well or they will not connect.  Also, even though it tells you to turn the camera off and unplug the wired connection, DON'T, just flip the switch and then pull the cable.  Works like a charm and connects every time thereafter.Setting them up for outside access via Comcast was a breeze - admittedly I am a network engineer so I have done this for a living for 15 years, but even for me this was easy.  The sound quality and image quality are both exactly what I expected (The sound is actually MUCH better than expected - I can hear the dog door in the basement from the camera on the second floor).  For all those who said the image quality was poor - what did you really expect?  It is not like these are HD cameras...Bandwidth usage did not seem to be horrible - my wife and I were both watching the cameras at the same time with only the expected transmission delay and no choppiness or unresponsiveness from the cameras or the display page.  Zooming is a little funky - my wife finally discovered that what the zoom directions are trying to say is that you hold down the right mouse button AND use the scroll wheel to zoom.  However I could not see her zoomed in picture while watching - not that it is a big deal, but just something to be aware of.I will definitely be adding to my camera setup, the multi-camera support is embedded into the cameras themselves so you only need to set up one to see all of them which is a nice feature for sure.  I did not care about recording since this is more for real-time monitoring of kids and pets, but there are many simple and free recording software packages available that would simply integrate with these cameras.In short the price premium is definitely there, but the product more than backs it up by delivering great usability and performance with simple and hassle-free setup to boot.  A great camera system overall.::Christopher E Harrold::5.0::December 2, 2008
RQRU61BGB3C13::Outstanding Product, Poor Documentation, Uneven Support::This is a remarkable device and well worth the money. It has a wide range of scan and tilt, good picture quality, especially within 100 feet of its objects, and outstanding sound pick-up. The documentation, as commented elsewhere, doesn't adequately cover port forwarding (necesssary if you want to view your picture from over the internet), so you will undoubtedly end up in long sessions with their telephone tech support people (who are not uniformly knowledgeable, so you'll probably end up calling back a few times till you get one who really understands the subject). In the end, however, it's worth the effort. The result is superb.::Richard "Richard"::5.0::November 19, 2008
R1IFZJIQR68SUY::An almost perfect wireless web cam::I got the Panasonic BL-C131A to be able to set up a streaming video feed from home that would allow me to watch and show the progress on a construction project.  The wired network setup was a breeze.  I was able to control the camera over the web in 5 minutes or less.  The wireless setup was a different story.  I tried about everything I could think of (in addition to what was in the documentation).  After a few hours, I did get it working, but I am still not sure what made it happen.  Perhaps the camera was snooping on my internet connection and saw I was searching Amazon to figure out how to return it.  It was about at that time that the status light turned green and the wireless connection was operational.Now that it is configured, the camera works quite well on a 802.11b/g network, connected through a Linksys wireless router and Comcast high-speed internet connection.  If you log in as a privileged user of the camera, you get full-motion video.  A guest user has to settle for a lower rate, but for both the picture quality is high.  You can allow the guest user to have as much or as little control over the camera as you want, including pan/tilt, white balance, position presets, access to the audio, etc.If you have a vacation home, a nanny, a pet, or something else you want to watch while you're away, this is a compact wireless unit to do it with.  Now, if it only had audio output or a output relay that could control something, you could have real fun with the people you were watching.::Bruce McNair::4.0::September 8, 2008
R2E8G4A624PTMV::Superb product::Overall 5 stars.  Pan and tilt are great, image quality is excellent.  Can view from my iPhone and from any browser through Panasonic's free service.  Setup is super easy if the camera will recognize your router as plug-n-play.  Even if it does not, it takes 30 seconds to get around it, but you may as well just call tech support - it took them exactly that long to walk me through it.  Highly recommend.::Slava::5.0::April 6, 2008
R17CQWTJ2XHYKY::great cam::We are using this camera for our work, providing a live camera image that people can access on our website.  So far, our new website is not yet up and running, but we have tested the camera and so far we are very happy with it.  It is a good, solid camera with a good image.::John Wykes::4.0::April 6, 2008
R3I1KLXIC7E14I::This is an excellent product::Having tried many different, less expensive, internet cameras I am convinced that the Panasonic is worth every penny plus some.  The camera is rock solid anywhere within the wireless footprint and the, free, included Dynamic DNS service is a terrific idea.  Anyone that wants to keep an internet eye on their home, pets, or small office would be advised to look very closely at this camera.::M. Mathison "Bookworm"::5.0::January 6, 2008
R26R1XQE79LJ7R::great camera great price::Very reasonable price and overall good performing camera, i bought one for my business and i was pleased enough to go ahead and buy another,  i wont go into complete detail like  other reviews but i believe that says enough.::S. Brar::5.0::October 13, 2007
R2WSO0VOQKHDEX::camera::Love it and use it to check in on the pets.  The only problem is you can't hear anything on an apple but if you use a pc you can hear.::lmac::5.0::September 26, 2010
R2UDU9U3TI0EE7::Buyer Beware!::If you buy a used or refurbished camera chances are it has been registered by a previous owner with view net cam . comThis means you will have to call Panasonic with a bunch of information after you get the camera working on LAN to issue a request to view net cam . com to unregister the camera otherwise you can't use the camera via the Internet.  And here's the real crappy part...It can take up to 5 days to get the cameras account cleared because Panasonic has to notify a company in China.  Had I known this I wouldn't have bought a refurbished camera.  I now also see that a new BL-C131A camera can cost around $400 on Amazon.  I just saw these same cameras at Best Buy for $239 the other day.  Maybe I should save myself the trouble and buy from a local store so that if there's a problem I can return it immediately and get my money back without having to deal with shipping returns and companies like "Good As New Electronics" who want a 15% restocking fee for the return of defective products.Can't say how the camera preforms through the Internet because I'm stuck waiting for the old account to be reset.I spent over 8 hours trying to make this work before finding out this problem, so I'm rather pissed about it.Panasonic needs to be able to expedite this account clearing issue.  I bought the camera because of it's good reviews, but I didn't see this issue and I hope it helps someone else to know before hand and maybe save you some time and frustration.UPDATE 08-04-2010:I returned the camera because it started producing a blurry image after three days. Panasonic said it was a defective camera.  I bought this camera from "Good As New Electronics" and they won't give a refund without charging me a 15% restocking fee.  They only offered an exchange, so I excepted another refurbished camera.  After waiting more than a week I received the replacement camera and guess what?  Another preregistered camera, so I had to start the whole process over to have the account cleared before I can use the camera on the Internet.  A month has now past since the first camera.  I'm still waiting...Update: 08-09-2010:Still waiting for the camera to be cleared from the view cam net . com website.  The 5 days have come and gone. I called Panasonic and they said give it another day...Update: 08-10-2010:Old account still not cleared, so I called Panasonic again this morning.  After more questioning about the cameras serial number and other information the guy on the phone said the request was just send yesterday for processing, and I replied what?!  Well again the incompetent jerks dropped the ball.  Even though I called it in 6 days ago with the promise that it would be fixed in 3 to 5 days the process only started just yesterday.  I've had enough.  I told the rep skip it the cameras going back to the seller "Good As New Electronics".  Kind of a oxymoron isn't it?This camera (BL-C131A) got 4 stars and was highly rated so I'm a little perplexed. I started to look more at the reviews with 1 and 2 stars and that revealed some important issues.  Even if I finally got the Internet portion of the camera working I'd still be concerned if the camera would last.  I read a lot about the camera working fine and than suddenly not working anymore.  Sometimes this happens within 3 months and sometimes after a year.  The first one I bought crapped out after only three days. It seems to be hit and miss.  My final word on this camera is don't buy a refurbish unless you don't care about the Internet viewing function, or don't mind waiting to get it released from a previous owner.::Redstorm "Rick"::3.0::July 13, 2010
RVOR8SUHUXSC1::Excellent Camera::I am very pleased with this camera.  The Pan and Tilt features work better than I expected and the field of view is quite good.  The image quality is very good at the maximum resolution setting.  The only problem I have is with the viewer/recorder software.  The software works great, but can only be used on a single computer to record a single camera.  Setup of this camera for viewing over your home LAN is very simple.  To monitor the camera over the internet is considerably more difficult, however.  I have not called tech support, but other posters have reported the support as excellent.  If you are not familiar with static IP's, dynamic dns, port forwarding etc., I would recommend calling tech support for step-by-step help in getting setup to view the camera over the internet.  Also, note that this camera does not support WPA wireless security. You can easily switch to wired mode with a switch on the bottom of the camera.  For myself, I like the flexibility of using the camera at certain locations where wireless WEP is adequate while at other times and locations, I switch to wired mode for convenience and security.  The number of positive reviews for this camera are right on!::Nitpicker::5.0::October 9, 2009
R2K8PRU41L5T9T::Great - while it worked::I've bought two of these units over the passed 12 months.  Both have failed within that time frame.  I figured the first one was a fluke, which failed after about 3 months of use, so I bought another one. That one failed within a month's time.  It was very easy to set up and get running, but I just wish it would have kept running - esp. for the price it's listed.::R. J. Lowe "IT, Gamer, Philosopher, Writer"::2.0::January 21, 2009
RJOW1UT5N0ULP::Good Investment::So much has been written about this cam - not really too much to add, except my settings to get everything to work with [...] and my wireless router - linksys wrt54gx2 and comcast cable/internetout of the box the thing works with a wired connection so it can be viewed on my pc...but what i am looking for...as well as most of us, is wireless and the ability to view the cameras' image over the internetmy experiences are as follows....panasonics' phone help is top-notch...except with one caveat....i was on the phone with them troubleshooting the connection and registration process to [...], the guy put me on hold...and never came back - their tech support closes at a certain time..(the tech support guy went home!!) ...so he/they literally left me "hangin" and i had to solve the connection problem by myselfto me, the issue that FINALLY got me connected & registered to [...] was enabling ddns (thru my linksys router) and then creating a free dns account with [...] (the only option provided with my router) ....i am not sure of how & why this works...and i am not a shill for [...].....but everything worked once i set that up in my router...once i did that, the panasonic software allowed me to register with [...].....which was the last piece of the puzzleanother tip that worked for me....enable port forwarding and triggering  (in applications and gaming in the router- i used port 50000) and the addy of the webcam on my network [...]currently i can view my cam from my IE browser (with sound) ....firefox and iphone/safari (but no sound) at work/traveling etc....great piece of mind!!::Thomas Mccarthy "mcirish101"::5.0::January 24, 2010
R1WOB3IQ8YDXO::Missing Mac Feature::i love this camera except if you have a mac, you don't get the audio feature. you also have to call customer support to set up the camera as the setup disc does not work on a mac.::Evelyn::4.0::November 22, 2009
R2H9OZM6RBOEHZ::Panasonic Network Camera is OKAY, Software is not so great!::The Panasonic Camera for the price is OKAY. However, the other reviews I read convinced me to buy one. I believed  it  would be easy as PIE. The software did NOT work well and I found out you need an IP address to access the camera on the web. I use Bellsouth DSL and it did not work with it. Panasonic's tech support I could not say enough about, they were GREAT. The software for the computer still is NOT working, they really could use some updating. Learned a lot about PORT FORWARDING, etc. I do not believe I would buy a second one. Also, the camera will stop recording after so long being idle. And once the camera is full of video it stops recording. Guess I was expecting a lot more. Also, I tried saving the video and it will not save it, I have to copy each picture I want to save. It gives you the option but it does not work, and I use Microsoft's Vista.::I. Lucot::3.0::September 5, 2009
R3T64QWJ2HK83C::Very pleased so far::This camera has worked very well since setup last week.  Went through a power outage and came back up on its own.  Good quality image over WAN.  I would agree with other reviewers that setup documentation is lacking. I tried the automatic port forwarding setup but it did not work even with a recent Linksys wireless router even with so called plug and play enabled.  I had to set the port forwarding manually but it was straightforward using the instructions on one the reviews for this camera.  I did notice however that once the port for the camera was changed the green light on the front changed from constant green to blinking yellow.  The camera works fine though.  I don't know if this is just a glitch in my particular camera or if they all do this.So far I am happy with this product.  I would recommend that anyone getting ready to set up, especially the dynamic DNS, should have a copy of the excellent instructions in one of the reviews by K.Lam available for review.::B. Machen::4.0::July 10, 2009
R3GU0Y6U6Y2365::Great Product::Great product, very easy to install and configure. It was so good that i ended up getting one more for use in the other room. Only thing that is missing is night vision, but i havent found any other camera with all these features with night vision either.::Guy_From_SF::5.0::July 6, 2009
R39UU4OPTEAZXD::Panasonic Wireless Network Camera::These cameras are great.  We use them inside and out but you need to be careful not to get them wet.  They have a great picture and work really well.  I love that you can remote control them from anywhere in the world.  We plan to buy more.::K. Richards "ShihTzuLvr"::5.0::June 17, 2009
RMYMNXXG5VPCZ::Reliability King::Have a couple of these and one of them has been on for more than 6 month without the need of reboot or what so ever. The second one has been on for a month and appears to behave the same. The down side is that it is more difficult and expensive to get it now than 6 months ago.::K. Lee "Kgor"::5.0::May 26, 2009
R21N5RSZML3RC5::Wireless network Camera::Great device.  Easy to set-up and use.  I would definitely recommend it to others.::Randee C. King::5.0::February 23, 2009
R2O10TJAWOJQNX::Great tool for keeping an eye on things.::Just set up the camera last night, using it today to keep an eye on our 5 month old lab.  Getting everything to work for someone without router experience may be difficult, there is a lot of... refer to your router's owner manual...who actually keeps that?  The price on this camera ($125/shipped on lightening deal) is outstanding for the performance you get.  I am thinking about getting a couple more for around the house but will wait for the price to come down.  I still have a lot of tinkering to do before I figure out all the features but as of 15 hours installed the product is 5 stars.::J. Wieting::5.0::January 23, 2009
R3VNRP5XMIPEJL::Works Great - Great Resolution::I bought this camera based on all of the other good reviews, and it works great.  I had a little difficulty getting the wireless figured out, but after reading through the documentation and fiddling with my router I was able to get it working.  The key was making sure my Netgear Router had a port opened up to the outside world.Overall this is a solid product and has been good for me watching our new little puppy while we are away.  It even works on the mobile phone!::Timothy Proschold::5.0::January 5, 2009
R3EIWYZX1GNPYF::Great product::After spending some time and using another product, D-Link DCS920 Wireless-G Internet Camera, the C131A is a great tool!  It has a better resolution, web interface, and controls.  It's well worth the money if you need the resolution and control.  If you don't need to move the camera there maybe cheaper options, although I haven't found it yet.UPDATE:The camera is still going strong. I've since used a few more ip cameras and the BL-C has the best picture.What I would like to see changed up updated in the firmware is more control over the triggers. I use this as a Nanny cam, and it's in a great position that covers multiple rooms. The problem is it can can only watch one room at a time. I would love it if it could track someone or make controls easier to monitor different angles as triggers get set. As of right now, the camera gets triggered, moves to the next room, sits a few seconds then looks back at the original room.  So if there is alot of movement in the original room the camera is constantly panning because of the trigger.This is not just an issue with the BL-C, all the IP cameras have this issue. The BL-C has more options for it's triggers then other camera's do.::E. Meline "Go Hokies!"::5.0::January 1, 2009
R1NY0S38R3L4DB::Good Camera::Easy to setup I have setup a few wireless devices and by fare this was the easiest to setup::Lacey D. Spriggs::4.0::November 29, 2008
R3HCQM5LENI9PL::What more can you ask for?::This product is hands down great... I love it- I bought it to keep an eye at home, on the new born baby and on 2 cats, I love being able to go to my private website that panasonic offers, using [...] and see everything at home as if I'm there.  The ability to move the camera and really look around makes me feel comfortable and with the record function, I know I don't have to watch every moment and I can review what went on at home later that night.Great camera!  In fact, I went back and bought a 2nd one so I can keep an eye on 2 rooms now.::Adam "AdamB"::5.0::November 26, 2008
R1NXD4W127OO7J::Great product, is looking to purchase another one.::I read tons of review before I purchased this camera.  I even looked at the linksys and D-link.  At last, thank you for all the wonderful review on Amazon, I decided on the Panasonic.  I've had it for 8 weeks, and it's been working great.  No problem, and technical support help me through the whole setup.  I bought this mainly to watch my son and nanny while at work.  I can pan, tilt, and take pictures.  It's a wonderful product.  The only negative I would have is the resolution when you zoom in.  It's not as clear, yet, for my purpose, it does the job.  I'm happy with the camera so far.::K.D. "first time mom"::4.0::November 24, 2008
R3MX8IWUHZ3SQ8::Some supported needed, but works as advertised::Needed some help from Panasonic tech support to get the wireless mode working. Picture quality only average, but overall a good product.::Rod G. Mcclaskey::4.0::September 6, 2008
R3GY8XFBAJ3KS7::Excellent web camera::I bought this to replace a D-Link webcam that I kept having problems with (going offline, etc.).  This camera works very well.  Setup was quick and access through my router from the Web worked very well immediately.  Gives a good image, scans and pans, and the digital zoom actually works better than you'd think it would.Does exactly what is should and continues to work well.::Irwin L. Goverman "govy1"::5.0::March 27, 2008
R1AHY6KBPN5N21::Great ovarall webcam::camera works flawlessly with the network. easy to install. overall great camera for the price. the only negative thing i could say is that there is lots of noise in the quality of picture.::Jeffrey Carter "maddog"::4.0::February 13, 2008
R7QB13YP875AY::great product - worked flawlessly.::The product worked great, and the install was easy. Used the camera to monitor new born puppies, and was watched via the internet by people as far away as France. Good Seller as well, product was received on time with no problems::D. Roberts "GadgetGuy"::5.0::February 11, 2008
R2L3XUBVG1CK4H::Great Camera::I wanted a webcam so I could see my new baby from work. After looking at all the options and reviews on Amazon I went for this one and I am very impressed. Easy to set up and use. I can get live audio and video on my desktop at the office and can get stills on my BB wherever I am ... yes it costs a little more than the others but so far it is worth every penny.::Chazzr D::5.0::January 30, 2008
R2FCHCU58R2DOR::Nifty little camera::I bought this camera in order to keep a watch on my dairy goats out in the barn, because they will have babies soon. I especially like the ability to pan around and also capture the audio. Goats do strange things when humans are not around. The only complaint I have is that the setup instructions are poorly written and the task is rather difficult just to get it working on a local network. Putting it on the Internet is even more difficult. However, the telephone support is very good. Still, their instructions need to be rewritten and more complete.::Thomas A. Geis::4.0::January 18, 2008
R3OC0XXRWF3AUV::EXCELLENT camera for the value::I gave this camera to my husband for Christmas - we are SO impressed with it.  He is an IT guy by trade and was impressed with the features that this "home" wireless network camera offers. He said that this camera has some of the features that the professional-grade surveillance system he has at work also contains.We also love that it includes easy-to-use web controls.  We ultimately purchased this camera so Grandma and Grandpa (who live in a different state) can watch their grandson via the internet.  My husband and I can also monitor the camera images from our cell phones, which is very convenient (we're using it to `spy' on the dog until our son arrives.)Overall, we are thoroughly impressed with this little camera and all of it's available features for the money!::Elise B.::5.0::December 25, 2007
R1C9WZWCI3JB63::Very easy to setup Camera::Very nice product. The setup was very easy.  I just followed the setup guide and in few minutes i was up and running.::Luiz Andrade "A Regular Consumer"::4.0::December 3, 2007
RY9S4NDF6XNOX::addition to comments::Addition to the positive notes of others:The camera does NOT work with Internet Explorer V8;you will need to return to IE7.IE8 can be removed from the Control Panel -- Add remove Programs,and will usually leave you with IE7 installed.If not, IE7 can be downloaded and installed from the Windows website.Also, the camera will work on Firefox but there is no sound.Definitely call the 800 number for help; they answer the phone quickly and are extremely knowledgable.::Thomas Y. Pocock::5.0::August 7, 2009
R3VA7DGDG1U621::no good FOR A MAC - can't see at work::the product does work if you want to use it within your local WIFI. I couldn't for the life of me get the thing to work with me at work. I called apple, and Panasonic and at the end of the day - 4 calls later, I packed it up and sent it backif you are running a windows based computer - go for it. that is the only reason i gave it two starts - because on some level it must work great::S. Eisler "SRGE"::2.0::March 30, 2009
RAU9G93TD2AFJ::excellent camera, amazon is misleading!::I bought this camera last March to watch my nanny taking care of my baby. It is excellent as to the price. I bought two more this May. however, Amazon is misleading to the delivery which says free shipping. I choose free shipping this time but the time to be delivered is not as promised by the amazon. I have to upgrade my shipping method which cost me additional bucks for this. I hope amazon will correct their problem.... the camera is great!!!::Alexander Santillan "constantine"::5.0::May 26, 2008
R2YDRDYTWYAHAE::Doesn't work on WiFi::Perhaps I just got a bad one, but after six hours of trying, I could never get it working on WiFi.  Wired is fine.  Not WiFi.  Yet I have several other IP Cams (Toshiba, D-Link) plus many other devices (PC, MacBook, Nokia phone, several laptops, Nokia tablet, iPhone, etc) working on the wireless.Panasonic's support FAQ doesn't even have a single hit for the BL-C131A.  But since I do this type of stuff every day, I either got a bad unit or they have some serious compatibility woes.  Buyer beware.::-TMcN-::1.0::July 25, 2008
R2HNOEWRMSE0I6::Overpriced and Overhyped::I've had my hands on a number of different "IP" or "Internet" cameras and I was excited to see this one after the positive reviews, compact size, and pan-tilt-zoom capabilities. However after setting the camera up I was sorely disappointed.First and foremost it all comes to the picture quality- at 640x480 mpeg-4 I was expecting quality approaching that of a real video camera- DVD's after all are 720x480 pixels... Even with the camera hard wired into the local network video quality was marginal at best- it looked like a zoomed 320x240 video, or worse.Color was poor, even in a decently lit room... Contrast was also extremely poor- I'm not sure what is the ideal setting for this camera- too dark and you see nothing, but with a bright light the image is washed out.The install software is primitive, definitely not optimized.On the plus side I was able to set it up relatively easily and got it connected to the Internet without having to call Panasonic tech support, something many other reviewers complained about.The power cord is also on the short side- for a security camera I'd expect a much longer cord.Overall I'd say skip this camera... Toshiba makes a PTZ Internet Dome Camera with much better picture quality, and Linksys makes non-PTZ cameras for a third the price with as good or better video quality and better recording software.::BirdOPrey5 "JUOTnet"::2.0::January 22, 2008
R1A1OH2WI23F0F::Still frustrated ...::I love the promise of this product. I just wish it delivered on the one thing that would make it useful (to me).As others have written, it's definitely not a snap to set up. Although I figured out most of it myself, I still had to call Panasonic a few times to get it to do what I needed. I experienced a range of helpfulness from the support folks I dealt with, from smart/helpful to (in one case) rude.At the end of the day, I got all the features to work save the one that (in my view) is the only one that matters -- the posting of "triggered" images to a web server.I don't care to go online and see what my camera is seeing. That's neat and fun but not particularly useful to me. I want to see a "highlight film" of everything *important* that the camera saw that day, such as people passing by, whatever (you define important by programming the sensors). The camera is designed for this, given all the clever sensors, including a heat sensor to detect people or animals entering the room.The closest I came, however, was to get the camera to blast out a burst of images to an email address every time it was triggered. But who wants to open 500 emails to see if one of them contains whatever it is you're hoping to see? I thought about hiring a programmer to write a script to extract the images from the emails and composite them into a movie, but that felt like an expensive and frustratingly unnecessary project to have to undertake to fix a flaw in this product's design.Stumped after umpteen hours of playing with this, I gave up and the thing has sat in a drawer unused. I'm not sure what other people use it for but in my case (hoping to find who was stealing from a particular spot), it came so close, but ultimately didn't deliver.What is needed is an end-to-end, easy-to-use solution that lets you set certain parameters and then watch a "movie" of all the triggered images. I'm surprised more people don't cite the same problem here ... it seems to me so basic to the point of this apparatus.::James S. Rosen "el gringo"::3.0::June 15, 2009
RXXV697GPPT0M::Great if you have reliable internet::Works great at location with good internet access, did not work at home with subpar Hughes Net internet service.::RW "RW"::4.0::May 16, 2009
R1D131R49YHWZM::BL-C131A::The camera meets the expectations drawn from the published literature.  The documentation, however, is less than satisfactory.  I am particularly displeased with the detail relating to the use over the internet.  My camera ceased operation over the internet a week after I left home.  Nothing in the literature explains the fault or offers a method of correction.  Kudos for Amazon's posting of the Panasonic installation video.::J. Wagner::4.0::November 15, 2008
R15GBWJN3U2UZY::Good for Mac - although not intuitive to set up::I bought this camera through ebay and got a good deal ([...]refurbished but looks and works fine) to use for my home weather station.  The setup was a bit difficult for my Mac (2007 imac) because the enclosed software is PC only.  It is also strange that the only way to set it up is via an ethernet cable, even though it is a wireless camera.  After a few calls to Panasonic (very minimal wait time and intelligent and helpful staff - WAY TO GO PANASONIC!!!) I am up and running with all of the features.  The camera looks and works great - [...].The network server and ftp feature work fine with my weather station ([...]) and I am now online and able to see my yard from anywhere with an internet connection - I still haven't figured out how to get the picture using a cellphone, but it is supposedly possible.::David Paperman "Alaska Papermans"::4.0::November 3, 2008
R361WC1A4NF498::Doesn't work if there is a firewall on the computer::Overall, this camera is a good buy.  We had tried a Linksys camera before and everything everyone says about Linksys is true.  Bad idea.  This panasonic camera was easy to set up, about 2 hours with a call to technical support.  Techinical support is excellent by the way.  The only downside to this camera is a little bit of false advertising: it says you can access it from anywhere in the world.  There are many computers I have not been able to access it from due to some type of firewall.  It seems like it only works on personal computers, not public computers like at the public library or at work.::Faithful33 "Faith"::4.0::September 15, 2008
R1Q5LOBU20SXAL::Dead after 14 months::At the beginning last year I had some router problems that made browsers behind the router to hung after a few minutes. Technical support was useless to detect this. Finally, after researching similar troubles with other brand cameras and streaming, I figurered out what happened and the camera has been working ok for just over a year. Well, worked ok from MS Internet Explorer (Firefox had trouble with audio). Blackberry doesn't work at all and Iphone worked with some obvius limitations.UPDATE - Some people asked me how to solve the browser hanging problem with this camera. While this has been long time and I don't remember 100% the reasons, I think that the camera streaming created too big packages that many routers had problem dealing with. I know my router was set to 1200 bytes MTU size to fix the problem, but I don't remember if I did something else.A couple days ago, all the suden I can not longer acces the camera via wi-fi, wired still works. The status diagnostics show a hardware error:  0000-0000-0000-0000-0000-0000-0002-0000-00 (front led blinking red)This all points to the hardware for the Wi-Fi. Thinking that I am out of warranty for a couple months, and according to the web a wi-fi assembly pcb cost nearly the cost of the camera plus... then add labor, shipping, etc... Sadly, I am thinking this camera wi-fi days are over!On top of this, the "smart" engineers (or perhaps marketing people) behind this design, made the front red LED blinking continusly on red while there is a hardware trouble, overiding other really practical funtionality as alerting you when somebody is connected. In other words, thanks to this flaw I can not longer know when sombody is connected, no question a mayor bummer! Also, when you want to leave the led off to avoid alarming your nanny that is being watch, is gone (the led is always blinking).I tried cheat the camera (with some risk) using the firmare for the BL-C111 that don't have wi-fi, so I could recover my LED indicator functionality, but no luck, the firmare looks the same. The camera still comes up as a BL-C131. I would apreciate any help around this, so the LED stop blinking and lights back when somebody is connected. Send me a note to rickh AT [...].I believe the faliure could be produced for over heating, but this is working in a living room that may reach 80/85 F when we are out, that I think a consumer application like this should handle. The camera gets really warm, what is not a big surprise If we think there is a whole computer with OS, camera video processing, and a web server, all in less than 10 cubic inches.::Rick PW "Rich"::1.0::July 21, 2009
R1STKT2J1R6JXP::Complex setup and poor image::If this is the best, as other reviews claim, I would not want to experience the others. The system works and has lots of features but it has too big flaws. The first is, as others have said, setup is complex and you will likely need tech support - it took about a half hour going thru various router settings etc to get this thing to work. And if I ever change my router I'll have to go thru that again. This is about as far from plug and play as you can get. But my main gripe is image quality. At 640 x 480 (decades old resolution) the image is very grainy and fuzzy - probably about what you might expect from a $19.95 keychain digicam, or worse. Maybe I'm spoiled in owning a modern digicam but it must be possible to do better than this. The lens appears to be a pinhole - I'm not sure there is any lens at all.::Jim Lewis::2.0::January 9, 2008
R2L26G4ZTC3SH1::Overrated Camera::Tried to do what others have done on this camera and I purchased it because I am on a Mac operating system. This camera failed to work well on my system.  It states this on the website I visited to complete the set up process (since it doesn't have any instructions that worked). You will need to call a technician to complete the camera to function.::Michael S. Miyashiro "black laughter"::2.0::October 5, 2009
R3EPKJ0JOC6Q5N::Super Cool, Super Difficult to install!::These Panasonic cameras (while stunning in what they can do, and how they perform in low light) they are a ROYAL PAIN to set up. But when they work, they are REMARKABLE... FABULOUS!Anybody writing a review and saying they perform poorly in low light, is trying to compare these to 100,000 network cameras operting in a studio environment. I have a background in television, and for the price, these cameras perform VERY WELL in poorly lit scenes. No, they are not "night vision' style cameras and they won't do what my Sony camcorder can do *with supplemental infared, but I am am impressed.+That being said, I purchased a wired and a wireless version of these cameras and paid a FireDog from Circuit City to install them at my residence in a rural area. The wired camera went in my garage (near my router and modem) to help me see if a burglar would come in (I've been robbed before.) The wireless camera went in my living room, aimed at my plasma TV and entertainment system.Despite me paying a large wad of cash to Circuit City, the FireDog left my residence telling me everything was OK (despite he never seemed to know what he was doing while he was at my house) and he told me I could now watch my house on the internet when I went to London by using my laptop and clicking on the bookmark he saved on my computer. I decided to conduct a test before leaving for the United Kingdom.  I couldn't even see my place from Starbucks, 50 miles away when I took my laptop to "the big city."  I tried Starbucks, a public library and a free WiFi source at a local university... NO CAMERAS! I was so disappointed in Circuit City nd since I had NO CONFIDENCE in this particular Firedog, I didn't want him coming back and having to pay another trip-fee.Then, I hired a guy from Best Buy (the Geek Squad) and he spent HOURS getting these to work as advertised. In fact, he had to make two trips (200 MILES) to my place to tweak the system. I was able to watch my house from both London, England and Edinburgh, Scotland... Gave me some piece of mind while I was gone.The trigger for an entry alarm (as if a burglar comes into your house) can be set up to send you an e-mail to your cell phone. Well, I had a youngster from our church come by our house to feed our dogs and check on things. Each time she came through the door, I received hundreds of e-mails. This was a pain deleting thousands of e-mails from my cell phone while in England. BUT, it was very cool being able to see stored video clips of her when I received the e-mail alerts. (I mean it was totally, TOTALLY impressive to be in my hotel room in London and see what was going on in my house, basically in real-time and through saved video clips!)A few months later after I returned from England, I can no longer see the cameras on the internet. I don't know why the link quit, but I'll have to hire some guy to come back out  here (nearly 100 miles round trip) to fix, what ever is wrong. (My original "rocket-scientist" from Circuit City took another job somewhere... and I have to give this guy some credit, he did a wonderful job, I just wish I knew where he went so I could pay him to fix my system... )The process in getting these cameras up-and-running on the internet (so you access them) is very, VERY DIFFICULT unless you are a super-gifted geek. Heck, I think a CIA geek would have a hard time getting these cameras to work (faithfully) as advertised! Yes, you can call Panasonic and get their tech guy to help you setting up the cameras, BUT, you have to speak GEEK to understand what in the world you have to do to get these cameras on the internet.I can fly an airplane at night, in rain, by myself to any point in the world (I am a GPS freek) but I sure can't figure out these cameras! And, I spent 25 years in TELEVISION and taught television at a private university (although this was in my analog years...)I'm probably going to sell mine on Ebay in a couple of weeks... I give up. Make me an offer!::N22Tango "Film tonight at 10"::1.0::January 3, 2008
RS7A619JK32SB::Doesn't work::You shouldn't have to call tech support at all, in this day and age. Stuff should work as advertised automatically. So. After 2 hours on the phone with Panasonic tech support, the guy couldn't even make it work on my home network.The Panasonic tech support website is beyond useless. The FAQ section is written in bloken Engrish and doesn't address the issue. I tried to download a troubleshooting guide and it said the document I requested is not available electronically. To purchase a copy, please call 1-800....So despite all that, I finally got it working wirelessly inside my home LAN. Registered with viewnetcam.com and everything. And it worked great from my house. It even worked on my iPhone over wifi. But it didn't work at all from my dad's house, my father-in-law's house, my brother-in-law's work or Coffee Plantation wifi. So I waited a day and now it doesn't work from my house either. There's a massive lag between a command and the camera response that ranges from several seconds to several minutes.::Jalmari::1.0::May 3, 2009
R2XTFMFOI7LSV1::Panasonic BL-C131A - Not for everyone::I bought this camera to send with my daughter who is in the Air Force and moving to Germany so that I could watch my grandbaby.Set up at my home in the country:Hughesnet internet service and modem.Bought a NetGear dual routerUsed Windows VistaUsed at a home in the city with AT&T; internet service and router/modemUsed Windows 7I tried for 3 days to get the settings on the router and camera setup.  It IS NOT PLUG and PLAY!!!  You have to have knowledge of how to configure a router, IP addresses, Default Gateways, port forwarding, bridging, etc.  I followed reviews here on Amazon, the limited instructions included, the manual on the disk and though I could see the video on my laptop, I couldn't see it on the website.Customer support was great in that we went through all the settings, in which I had done correctly, and when it came to my Hughesnet modem, I was dead in the water.  It has one IP address coming in and one going out, which are not static so you can't set the camera up unless you can get Hughesnet to give you a static IP address.Since I wasn't going to use it at my home anyway I felt comfortable knowing at least I could see it on the laptop.  It worked great locally, wired and wireless.  As a just in case, I purchased another laptop, with Windows 7, and made sure the camera worked wired and wireless from that laptop. I then installed remote access software on my laptop and the new laptop so I could remote in and fix any problems after the camera wasn't in my control.  All was working great, except the advanced features that come along with the web stuff.  And then I sent the equipment home with my daughter......My daughter took the laptop, router and camera to her home and turned everything except the router on, as a test, before moving.  Because her internet provider provides a wireless modem or router (which has a password), she didn't need the NetGear router.  It does require a password to get on the network.So now the camera can't be accessed.  It's possible the router/modem there has screwed the camera settings up but the camera can't be accessed to change it's settings to match the router.  Putting in the disk and selecting automatic under network settings, does nothing except change the IP address and port number. Setting the camera back to port 5000 and the IP address I had does nothing, IF the camera can be accessed.  The camera recording software won't show a picture. I can't use IE or Firefox to use the bookmark I set up to get to the camera because it can't find the camera.  I have it wired into the new laptop and can't get to the camera to change the settings.  I tried to load the file I had saved with the settings that worked at my house and can't access the camera.  Rebooting, going wireless, wired or whatever doesn't work.  The disk nor the loaded software can access the camera.So I have yet to see a picture on the internet, much less use the advanced settings.  Changing to another location screwed up the camera so that it can't be accessed to change settings.  I'm dead in the water. I'm bringing it back to my house this weekend to see if I can at least access it again being away from her internet providers router/modem.  If the camera would at least work, like at my house, I could remote in to that pc and still watch camera video.So now I'm scrambling to find another camera to serve my purpose.  I may just say forget it and use Skype and the webcam.  We tested that method too and it works great, and it's free.  If you want a free camera, you've probably already got one.  Just create 2 gmail email addresses (or an additional one if you already have one), get a Skype account under each email account, use either Windows Remote or get a free remote program like GBridge, point your laptop in the direction you want to see, set the Skype on the remote computer to start when the computer comes on (it asks you when you set it up) and set GBridge (or whatever remote program) to come on when the computer starts.  I Gbridge into the remote pc, I call my other Skype account that's logged in on the remote pc, use remote to answer it in video call mode and I can see what my webcam is pointing at. I can then get off of GBridge to save bandwidth. No cost, low tech.::Texas Nana "nana"::1.0::November 4, 2009
R2QXQCQW3WWJEZ::Frustrating, WIRELESS IS UNRELIABLE and DIFFICULT TO SETUP::If you wish to hook this camera up wirelessly get ready for lots of time consuming frustration. It is VERY DIFFICULT to set up wirelessly for viewing on the internet ( and I am an engineer with lots of experience with tech gear). I could not do it without Panasonic's tech support line and even then it still took over 1/2 hour with them to get it to limp along. Using the hardwired feature is straight forward once you make sure you have the UPnp turned on which means you have to access your router via 192.169.1.1. then hunt around for the Upnp setting which takes a great deal of time.Oh and there is NO AUDIO when using it via your iPhone. And it is the audio that is most important in my view.We also discovered that this camera was previously purchased and returned and registered by someone else so I could not use their Viewnet feature. It takes 4/5 business days to reset. You can try to use your computers IP address with port 50000 but that does not always work either.The camera craps out for no reason at all every now a then and often will not restart properly.The thing is I bought a wired version of this same camera a few years ago. It worked for about a year and died. Even when it did work it often need to be restarted after a few weeks which renders the remote viewing feature useless much of the time.Bottomline, the wireless reliability, ease of use and setup rate a ZERO, in others words it is really BAD! DO NOT BUY IT IF YOU WANT TO USE IT WIRELESSLY.The hardwire feature is good.I am returning mine.::Ken Loewenthal::1.0::February 4, 2011
R1YAP8C4YPKX7J::Wait till it drops below 150.00::Bought this from NewEgg for 259.Image quality is 640x480, it does not have zoom, andalthough has a nice interface via a browser and hassoftware, it's kind of simple, if you don't care aboutpicture quality or zoom then i guess its ok, but itsworth more like 100-150 for it's limited feature.It being wireless is the major nice feature other thanthat I don't it its worth the money.::Ramin Faramarzi::2.0::December 29, 2007
R1ZEIJNC7VTYTP::Not plug and play::The camera is very difficult to up and running.  I've spent an hour so far with no luck.  I would pass on this one and go with a unit with better software.  There is no plug and play with this this one.  It could be far more automated with better software.::David L. Theriault "deacon"::1.0::December 11, 2008
R988IZU737LW2::fragile::so, i like panasonic products, and had high expectations for this, but it has let me down. note that the description mentions zoom, but there does not seem to be zoom available (minus 1 star). note that the description at the panasonic site mentions RTSP (Real Time Streaming Protocol), but the device does not support it (minus 1 star). and the camera is fragile. after testing, when unplugging it to move it to the intended location, it fell off the table onto the wood floor, and the sphere with the lens broke loose. the camera function still works, but the pan and scan is gone (which was the whole reason i bought this camera rather than something substantially cheaper). calling panasonic TS offered me the chance to send it in, but i would have to pay for the repair, since "physical damage" is not covered. not "abuse", but physical damage (minus 1 star). i can drop my iPod on the floor, and it is fine. i knock the camera off the table, and kiss 250$ goodbye. i am really disappointed in panasonic, i expected better of them.::Stev::2.0::March 14, 2009
R1NJ0PH8F5NWJT::Early BL-C30 was primitive, BL-C131A is just as primitive::You would think that, after 3 years, Panasonic would have gained a bit on the setup and operation of their net cameras -- and you would be wrong.  I bought a BL-C30 several years ago and, after an excruciating setup process fraught with false starts due to garbled instructions, it actually worked for a while, in wired and wireless modes and even across the Internet.  Then the Internet capability quit. Why? I don't know. Then the camera stopped working over my LAN.  So, I bought the "new and improved" BL-C131A.  Panasonic hasn't gained a single inch on the worrisome and almost impossible setup procedure and their Tech Support is useless -- if anyone ever answers the phone. The CEO should call the camera development team into a room and give them exactly 1 week to formulate an automated setup procedure with absolute minimal user input, and based on router brand and model and DSL/cable modem brand and model. The developers would be forbidden to write in anything other than proper English and whatever was written should be ground-tested for lucidity and accuracy.  In other words, the camera should be Plug and Play -- and this time for real. Otherwise this unit will likely be a very expensive doorstop for the vast majority of purchasers.::Anonymous::1.0::December 3, 2009
RV31AQ4NMCM8T::customer support::I thought I'd call the support line to see how fast the response is....20 mn and still waiting on the 800-272-7033...anyone have the "BatPhone" number? 800-211-7262 doesn't seem any better.G2::G2::1.0::June 29, 2009
R1MQK9B63VJMIC::Network Camera::Arrived on time and well packaged. Not connected yet but I assume it will work as flawlessly as the others that I have.::Philippe Jean Jorat "Carpenter"::5.0::December 13, 2009
R3FN0EL3BTBUO9::Poor Performance::Poor instructions for accessing over the internet. Various, unconnected instructions that show you different procedures, none that work.::Russ::2.0::January 21, 2008
R3FS7SKBSEFCWJ::Image resolution....needed to be enhanced::Well, I bought this because my camcorder had a problem at functioning web-cam.Cam-corder is panasonic.(Good)This net-cam, no good resolution image as much as cam corder.::Jae G. Jeong::3.0::December 28, 2007
R2XWODHE33EEUC::BUYER BEWARE::Ordered product.  Received in appropriate amount of time.  However, camera did not work with our home wireless system.  Went to return and there was no paperwork with information on whom to return product.  The only paperwork came from a PC UNIVERSE who resold product.  Contacted them several times.  Spoke with Curt and Jose whom were both UNHELPFUL and rather rude. They stated I had to wait to receive an email from the manufacturer.  AFter 3 weeks, I received an Email from PC UNIVERSE that stated that my request for return had been denied!! So I am stuck with a $250.00 camera.  Go to Target or Best Buy DO NOT USE PC UNIVERSE.  I am also going to print this on Angela's List.Stephen Marinella::Stephen G. Marinella "hog"::1.0::April 15, 2008
R106VPZ5VO7218::Hardware was hard to configure::I tried twice to install this item, after having to disable my McAfee fire wall the install process proceded, then the page for the wireless set up would not come up (site error), I tried to go back and it lost the camera in the list, the camera search and wouldn't find the camera again.I tried turning off the camera and restarting, no good.This week I was able to link my new XBox 360 to my PC which was mildly difficut. I have always been able to complete these types of installs.The Panasonic Camera was far more difficult.PS;This camera is for indoors only, your not supposed to view a sceen from behind glass (looking outside) It needs a certain type of router setting,My Fios gateway(router) may have been the problem which for me is not exchangeable. (At least Verizon says not 2)::Stephen D. Feist "tailu66"::1.0::November 18, 2007
R1WVVVKP6063W2::Surveillance wire that works with a "But...."::I purchased this cable through Amazon.  This wire is typically used to connect a surveillance camera to a TV monitor or a recording device (VCR or DVR).  Each end of the wire has a plug for video and DC power.  One end of the cable has a male 2.1mm DC power connector and a male RCA type video plug.  The other end of the cable has a female DC power connector and a female BNC video plug. The seller is generous enough to include 2 conversion adapters in case you need an RCA plug on both ends (for a standard VCR or monitor) or you need a BNC connection on both ends (often seen on time-lapse security recording devices and some more expensive cameras).  The price was very reasonable for 100 feet of cable and the cable does work nicely.Now for the "but...' part in the title of this review:I failed to look closely at the picture.  If you do look closely at the picture you will see two separate wires at each end of the cable which are joined into one single wire a few inches later.  I assumed that there would be two wires attached to each other for the entire cable length just like any standard electric cord.  If your security setup has your recording device right next to your power supply then this wire is fine and there is no problem.  However if you have your recording device is in a lock box for added security and your power supply is not located in the lock box (perhaps because of concern about excessive heat buildup from the power brick or space or electrical considerations) then you will not be able to separate the video and power wire so that you can run the power wire to a different location.  Cable that I purchased a few years ago had 2 wires on each end of the cable  that are joined a few inches later just like this wire but the wires remain separate (but attached) along the entire length of cable.  I could split the two apart with a knife for any length I chose.  In my case my power supply is 10 feet away.  In all likelihood the seller would accept a return but with the shipping cost it is probably not worth it for me.  I will now have to find a 10 foot DC power cable extension wire and run the extra wire from the lock box to the power brick.  Two distinct wires would have been so much easier and less messy.  As I said this one is my mistake.  I did not know this wire was sold in this format.  On the plus side if stealth is part of your setup then a single wire is easier to hide than a double joined wire.The seller was quick with shipping and had good communication about the purchase.::Andrew E::4.0::January 7, 2010
R3DGSSK0LQSSVJ::used for cctv camera::I bought a security camera and power supply and this item so I could keep an eye on my front door for when packages are left and I'm not home. This is working fine.::Gregory P. Stewart::5.0::October 14, 2010
R18P8J0MDI8XA9::Works with Zmodo system::I purchased this cable for the Zmodo security camera.  The security system was originally packaged with 60 ft cables that had thinner rubber sheathing around the cable.  These actually were a bit thicker and seemed to be stronger than the original cables.  The reason why I needed this cable was that I had accidentally severed the original cable when I stapled the cable to the wall.However, these cables were able to be stapled without any issues and the signal to the camera was just as clean as the original cables that were almost 1/2 the length.::Rocky Lin::4.0::March 6, 2012
R2JJ0THTRE2I34::security camera cable::cable bought with a Video-Secu camara. Works just fine. We even cut it because it was to long and it is made of 3 small wires that we could easily reconnect with all necessary protection::Raypa::5.0::April 7, 2011
R1NPBIGC9QVPX::Horrible Connector Tolerances::The cable itself works fine, but the connector tolerances leave much to be desired.The AC power adapter connector are loose when attached. I had to add 3M tape to the connectors to make they would come apart.The BNC connectors do attach, but I had to use needle nose pliers to remove them.Save yourself the aggravation and buy better cable.::Jeff::1.0::March 2, 2013
RBWCSNK0P9VKY::Not good at all::I bought the 4 pack of this exact same cable since the price was right & their were plenty of stellar 5-star reviews...I purchased a CIB All-In-One Security system about a year ago (see my reviews) which came with cables which were thin, but OK. So I expected something similar when I bought these cables. When they arrived, I was a bit disappointed that they were thinner than the free cables I got with my CIB System. To give you an idea, these cables are thinner than the cable on my cheap computer mouse. But I figured they would be OK since the reviews were so good & that they would be easy to hide since they are so thin.Before I even unwound the cables, I plugged in a camera & power to each one to test them. The 1st cable had excessive static/interference, the 2nd cable had good video but the power did not work, the 3rd cable had no video, but the power worked & the 4th cable worked OK. I even tried each cable again with a different camera & power adapter to be sure the cables were the problem since I could not believe 3 out of 4 were bad.With 3 out of 4 cables being bad, I am just returning them & will look for something else. I would not buy these cables again even if they cost half of what I paid. The only positive thing I can say is that these cables came with BNC Female to RCA Male adapters.::Jack::1.0::February 12, 2013
RAL6J1OSBOPNT::Waste of money and time. Not shielded at all, shares power ground with video.::There is no shielding and the wire is hair thin.  Not sure what this is useful for... All I get is garbled video.  WASTE OF MONEY.::AC KW::1.0::February 19, 2013
R22J5TQ20PO0YB::Good value::I had read several reviews on these cables and the reoccurring theme was that they were too thin and fragile, so I was concerned about this but the price was right so I took the risk. I ran these cables through my attic and despite every effort to be careful and delicate, this wasn't always possible given the tight space and route through which the cables needed to be placed. I'm happy to say the cables work great, I've had no problems with them at all, the signal is strong and the images are crisp and clear, I feel I got great value and quality for my money.::Clifford Osburn::5.0::April 25, 2011
R4NM37Q0LYCT1::Hit or Miss::Bought several of these - within 90 days one of five failed. Bad connector at the DVR. Opportunity of returning or exchanging item very short. Maybe these are simply throw-away cables.::SJR::3.0::February 4, 2013
R12OF7XCW0LJKH::A little thin but it works::Seems to be much thinner then the OEM type cables I currently have(probably just not shielded as well) but seems to work fine thus far.::foff667::4.0::December 22, 2011
R3NRPIZAFKFD8C::cctv cables::These cables seem a little skinny but went through walls and survived. They work perfect and I feel will continue to do so. If you don't know how to treat a softer wire then don't buy. Also the softer insulation will remain more flexible in colder weather and less suceptable to cracking. For the price you can't go wrong.::paul p::4.0::June 13, 2012
RH42B60ZTH8VH::security cables::Cables are great gave me more than enough to reach where I mounted my cameras. Really glad they came with the video adaptors. Thanks::slc976::5.0::January 2, 2012
R2PLX37RCJ7RGB::Its a cable, not much to say but works well::Its a cable, not much to say but works well...  Not flimsy and well packaged.  Its a cable, not much to say but works well::Zeus::5.0::December 17, 2011
R2WFQHWZXHHS87::Works::I will keep this review short because I don't know what else to say:  This item worked exactly as expected.::plainsman::5.0::June 5, 2014
R2HEV5NBS0003T::Judt what I wanted.::Although,, I have not attach to camera as of yet, It is exactly the length I needed to place camera where I wanted.::Marilyn DeGannes "Marilyn DeGannes"::5.0::June 1, 2014
R33OB5WGP1D49C::Cables::What can you say about cables other than you need them for all most everything now a days.  Great price::Amazon Customer::5.0::May 29, 2014
R14UHB7QMIO9PV::The only thing that worked::I ordered a CCTV camera and figured on it having at least 60foot of cable with the camera.  WAHT A JOKE.  camera is sold by itself, had to order a power supply and the 100 foot of extension, well I need another since the camera came with NONE.  BAD MANAGEMENT ALL TOGETHER !  Next the will be selling video cameras without the lenses  WAHT A JOKE>>>::Johnny Patrick::5.0::May 29, 2014
R1YHDV391SV3QC::It works.::This product works as expected.  Satisfied at the moment.  I'm a little unhappy with picture quality, but I don't know if it is caused by the cable, camera, power supply, or CPU.::John Shelton::4.0::May 29, 2014
R4OW1LB6CQ1SZ::Favorite::I really like this love to be able to see who comes and goes in  my driveway and they don't know it::hellga::5.0::May 28, 2014
R2PKBO1BL448LM::VideoSecu 100 Feet Video Power BNC RCA Cable for CCTV Security Cameras 1JE::VideoSecu 100 Feet Video Power BNC RCA Cable for CCTV Security Cameras 1JE I have these cables in 100 and 150 ft. they work fine.::jerry::5.0::May 26, 2014
R1OH30VXTWCRAJ::Works Good::So far no problems. I use this one outdoors so we will see if it holds up to the weather.::Timothy J. Dolan "Tim Dolan"::5.0::May 13, 2014
RDY5HKTNFPY9K::Very Good quality::This is a great option  to increase distance from a camera to DVR.  The image quality doesn't decrease than original cable length (50 ft) in a Q-SEE DVR.  The price is better than others, and No problems with S/H. I give 6 stars.  :)::Pedro A. Perez::5.0::May 12, 2014
R8F8J3HBNL2M4::fantastic::broke one of my 60ft cables. decided to try this 100ft cable at lower price than new 60ft.works exactly as it should. happy with it.::Mike::5.0::April 30, 2014
RGE18NKVA49R4::Additional hardware required::The cables work good but we had to buy additional hardware to connect them. The connectors should have been included::Mike::3.0::April 30, 2014
R383LN5FCDE3Q7::Very good::Its really long and thick can go around a whole house and their will still be extra  i love it.::Bob::5.0::April 26, 2014
R1DB5TOS42Z2RN::Spot-on connecting to my camera and DVD master unit::The cable satisfied my need, I was able to connect my surveillance camera at the distant location I needed.  The cable was of good quality and the connectors are well fitted and are spot-on connecting to my camera and Zmodo DVD master unit.::Amazon Customer::5.0::April 23, 2014
R15WL0O7VF12ZA::Perfect , just what I had to have to complete my project.::The cables were perfect and I couldn't find them any other place, I also purchased a second one. Thanks will do it again.::Seleta judge::5.0::April 19, 2014
R28SRDCN2VEMK8::Exactly what was needed::I have an 8 camera Swann system and did not notice any signal quality degradation with this cable, despite it being a thinner cable.  I don't have one of the newer HD systems so that might make a difference but for me it didn't.  The connections are just as high quality as the original cables that shipped with my system.::G. Whipple::5.0::April 18, 2014
R1GGMZKGZWN7NV::Make sure you label it before running it, "camera" and "DVR"  it was my own mistake.::Well insulated wire, seems to have minimal interference... Make sure you label which end goes to the DVR before running it.. If you run it backwards (which I did) if you pull on it to hard it will break!::B. D. McCarthy "O.C.D. and proud"::4.0::April 17, 2014
R3MR4CE9ECMRM0::Fine if running through conduit or if replacing it is not a tedious chore.::Very thin jacket on cable.  Would NOT recommend using it outdoors or in area in contact with sunlight.  However on the plus side, it's a 100' run of cable for a low price.... ie... you get what you pay for.  It does successfully do it's job without any noticeable signal degradation.After 2.5 years, I have only had to repair the cable once and that was a section where the sleeve became brittle after being exposed to sunlight.  I give it maybe another 2 years before it become irreparable. When the time comes to replace this cable, I will pay more and get a higher quality cable in a thicker sleeve.::Amazon Charlie::3.0::April 15, 2014
R24ICDGDIE51RA::Works but what a headache!::Ultimately, this product works, bottom line.  But... what a nightmare trying to untangle the snarled mess to even begin to use them!  I bet I spent a good 10 minutes on each one I ordered just to try and untangle even though I was very careful unrolling the product.  Seems to be that a good process for manufacturing turns out to be a very bad process in the field.I gave it three stars based on the good - it works and works well, but ease of use knocks it way down.  Mates perfectly to my Swann cameras.::Michael Szczepaniuk::3.0::April 15, 2014
R1GVREAAXT24DK::Insulation could be a little more resilient for such a long run, but well worth the price!::The outer insulation is a little thin for such a long run of wire (be cautious running this cable through ceilings and walls, to avoid tearing it), but I've only had one cable get damaged out of the dozens I've purchased. Well worth the price tag!::Michael R::4.0::April 9, 2014
R2W12UD5APH96K::Did not pass video.::I had voltage, but there was an "open" in the video cable. I ended up running RG-6 with F to BNC, and F to RCA.::Pegsat::1.0::April 8, 2014
R1T044ACTKX3WU::Great Bargain::Great price.  Shipped quickly. Worked perfect.  What more could one ask for?  I will definitely buy this cable again whenever I install more cameras!::Tom Blocher::5.0::April 4, 2014
R1X3RKJCUC4KVX::Great Cable::This cable came neatly packed with all needed ends, etc. Good quality and fast shipper too! I will continue buying this same cable each time I add another camera to my surveillance at the house - I still have 12 open ports to go!::Tamcan::5.0::April 4, 2014
R2DJ2S62YHZWBS::Perfect!::Works great with out security camera system.  Really good deal to purchase here, then buying at the store.  Saved A LOT.::Aaron::5.0::March 31, 2014
RKFIQUFOC740::was this cable sitting with a bunch of used car batteries?::the connectors on one side look like they have been sitting in battery acid.  they are completely corroded and started turning my fingers green when I tried cleaning them off.  I messaged the seller to no reply over 2 weeks ago. it works, but who knows for how long? The fact that I got no response really upset me.::Kelvin::1.0::March 28, 2014
RT9CR4HIW3BQP::Cable needed::Needed for cameras. Recommend this product for purchase. This is one reason I don't like surveys, request too many words to recommend an item.::Jackee579::5.0::March 24, 2014
R3GWPUCDZ0L2XO::Very nice cable::Great cable, i love that it has the power cord ran with it, keeps you from having to find or run a power source to your camera, price was great...they want a fortune for these cables at my local electronic stores, Video resolution is great, no issues, it does exactlt what it is supposed to do.::Steve::5.0::March 16, 2014
R3V0JKUF88NYB7::Good Deal for the $::When I ordered this item, I needed to make an extension to my pre-existing wiring setup that I had gong for a 4 channel security system that I had mostly setup a few weeks prior.  When I ordered this, I was expecting it to come with the adaptors that I needed to make it an extension cord although the ones I needed did not come in here.  It was not the company's fault, it was my for making an assumption and taking the wrong action based off of the assumption.  I should have know the terminology a little bit better and looked closer at the picture because it was exactly as described by seller.::KyleSD::3.0::March 12, 2014
R18TL7EPLMMYSU::Great Cable::The item came as promised and the worst thing was changing them out.  All went well epically after I turned it n and it worked perfectly.::Thomas Lindsey::5.0::March 10, 2014
R30LHK4WKHCUZQ::VIDEO  WIRING THAT GETS THE JOB DONE::I am quite late in providing a comment. Truth be told, I have bought (and used) a ton of this wiring over a several year period. It is easy to understand, and problem free to install. It is adequately constructed for my purposes, namely maintaining a closed circuit TV monitoring system for my home and property. I would recommend it to others without reservation. I would perhaps prefer that it not ever get tangled (reminiscent of backlashes you encounter with a bait cast reel when fishing), but hey, it is well worth the money, and to be fair, it doesnt get tangled all that frequently.::Scorpio Sun 46::5.0::February 21, 2014
R1RFQVDRBEER94::good buy!::The cable is thicker than the one that came with my system. The ends are made about the same but good product for the price. Would recommend.::Brian Nicholson::5.0::February 19, 2014
R32UQTPRKAJRJB::Cheap alternative works great::I am using this to extend a camera from the house, thru several walls, one exterior wall, across the yard 70 feet to a tree, where my camera is mounted. It has been outside in rain, puddles, sleet, hail, 3 feet of snow, more rain, more snow, and ice, and it is still giving me a good signal. I'm amazed. Just be careful when installing, because the wire insulation isn't the strongest and it can rip easily in wall holes. But for the price, you can't beat it.::Sennen Cove "koppsisgood"::5.0::February 18, 2014
R1G0D9CIFEW5KS::Cable::It's video cable, nothing more to be said about it.I  needed 100' of cable and there it was,pre-measured and all set up.::Jeff Westlund::4.0::February 14, 2014
R28OJP6P7HU6HE::A little thin::The casing on these could be a little thicker.  The thin lines were nice to run, but could easily tear an end if snagged.  My case, it happened.  Get what you pay for, they did the trick once I was more ginger with them.::S. Albertin::3.0::February 11, 2014
R36WKH9ZENLFXL::The perfect length.::This cable is long and strong enough to do what I needed it to. It provides enough length to move the camera from place to place without worrying about the cable kinking or breaking.::Beaudoin::5.0::February 7, 2014
RMIBJDGQ9T3UO::Very Good::Worked very well with my CCTV, allowing me to place the camera at a far location with out running out of cable.::Pedro Prado::5.0::February 7, 2014
R1C3J8YPH5MP15::Ok::My first camera I could not get it to work so I sent it back, the second camera would not work, I went to the Shack and bought the adapters to hook directly to TV to test camera and it worked. I sent back the 1st cable and ordered a second which worked fine. As a word of advice TEST camea and cable before you unwind the cable to makes sure it works, I'm glad I did.Knowing what I know now I would have just bought the adapters and used cat5 cable.I would give more starts if there was some kind of customer support.::Campbell Rice::3.0::February 6, 2014
R24274K82HXCGK::Put it out for a year now::Still no problem, this is connected to the video camera outdoors, no issue.I think the product is durable, put it out there, and you can forget about it.::ACW1120::4.0::February 4, 2014
R3OU8HYADYT41N::Great cable::The connections on this cable were waterproof and worked great during inspections performed with waterproof cameras placed at depths up to 25' (7.5m). No complaints about this purchase at all.::Brian Fairchild::5.0::February 4, 2014
R35SSFJIBUJN91::Good product::It's the second time I purchase this set of 4 cables. Arrived fast, well packed and protected. I wish the cables were a little bit thicker. They do the job at a reasonable price. Will purchase again.::Marc "Gadgets"::4.0::February 4, 2014
R3992JSAIFCPJ::Works Well::This is thin cable making it easy to hang with T-25 stables. Reduced one star because it is not rated for outdoors.::J. Hamilton "IT Pro"::4.0::January 28, 2014
R1SF8F0XXJGKJ5::sucks::had this product indoors for about 6 months and it just stopped working . i checked for cuts and punctures but there was none.. horrible quality if you ask me ..................::andrew mccorkle::1.0::January 24, 2014
R27XEYT7EAEAO5::Lots of length::This was great for hooking up a camera for ghost hunting.  It enabled me to reach the rooms I needed.  Thanks!::K Clark "Patch"::5.0::January 21, 2014
R1FZOMCFQQK4WD::Good cable::Seems durable enough, and has survived several diving practices laying on the ground (connects a camera to a tivo). The BNC connects to the camera, and the other end uses the included RCA adapter to plug into the tivo. The black ends are for the power cord and AC adapter to plug into, to utilize the full range of the cable. Only issues is that it tangles easily. REALLY easily. As soon as you take off the twisty, stretch it out if you don't want it to immediately become a tangled mess.::Kevin Brunner::4.0::January 20, 2014
R17UBSD0Y221O1::Birds nest::I'm sure this cable will work fine for my use, however I am writing this review to let you know how much of a pain in the a** it will be for you to unwind this cable. I needed this 100 foot cable to substitute for one of my 60 foot oem Swann cables that was too short for the location of one of my cameras. When unwinding my Swann  cable it was wound in a way that it just flowed right off of the plastic core but this 100 foot cable was doubled up and then wound making it almost impossible to unwind without getting a "birds nest".::Tommy "Tommy"::4.0::January 19, 2014
R1ZATOX5GNBPI1::100 ft cable::Works well for an economy priced cable. Have had no issues or failures on all 8 cams. Pain in the ass to unwind from factory winding.::The Hutt::3.0::January 14, 2014
R1PPJCR1F7H2U::no double female to extend current lines::Would give 5 stars if they included a double female to extend my current cable.Other than that it is a long cable.::Eric::3.0::January 12, 2014
R2Q0CR3SPQIEW3::camera cables::nice cables...weather proof  well made ends easy to install and connect..nice price packed and shipped fast would recommend to others::paul feider::5.0::January 12, 2014
R2XHU8300JKANO::It works as I expected::Easy to install, average quality, thin wire, if no stress put on the cable should keep on working without problem. Love its low price.::paul shea::4.0::January 11, 2014
R5P10EJMGWHSD::good::i bought this because it came on combo along with the cctv cams and the extentions of it to guard my house::Robert Jose Garcia Guevara::5.0::January 10, 2014
R3HC89IMGJMX35::Good cable products from VideoSecu::On repeat orders, every cable I have purchased from this vendor arrived promptly in good condition.I have been using Amazon purchased these low-cost cables from VideoSecu for 2 years so far, andfound them to be reliable.  The connectors are compatible with standard NTSC security cameras.::Geoff::5.0::January 9, 2014
R37MGFMMGC8QP8::Works as advertised::Connected a cctv camera to my sustem and it worked very well, no issues with anything related to this cable. Recommend::Norman F.::4.0::January 9, 2014
RPCHF6H7X46Z0::Works great::I use both the 100 ft. power cable and the 100 ft. cable and several of these have been in use for about 3 years. I get good quality video therefore I will use VideoSecu again!::George M.::5.0::January 7, 2014
R1FEDQ086XSPLW::Perfect with the VideoSecu Outdoor 700TVL Camera::Just plug in and it works with the videosecu outdoor 700TVL security camera built-in 1/3 Sony  Exview.. and you will have a perfect view.::Joe::5.0::January 7, 2014
R1RQZARK8HETX::What a mess!::I've never spent so much time UNTANGLING a chord! This was ridiculous. At first glance, it appeared to be neatly wound up with a twist tie around it. I removed the twist tie and began unwinding the chord and quickly realized that it was threaded through it self several times in no methodical way, whatsoever! The person that that wound this up had to have twisted the chord, tucked it under, went around one direction, changed her/his mind and went the other direction then through itself several more times... it created countless knots. Very frustrating! I spent 20 minutes today just untangling this mess.The chord itself seems to be of average quality and it functions fine. But the way it was wound up was completely unacceptable and definitely a deal breaker. I wouldn't order another from this manufacture in the future.::scott::3.0::January 3, 2014
RQKRAKHR6WK1W::Excellent.::This is a very well-made cable that does the job. This item had a great price and fit the bill.::JD from Michigan::5.0::December 28, 2013
R19HBAD7PYL9N::worked great::Worked well with new security camera, has a better picture on the camera it is installed on, than the camera's with manufacture's supplied cords.::William Walker "William D Walker"::5.0::December 23, 2013
R2RHEXG0YAI3Z4::video surveillance needs::done all I wanted &met; all my needs and I was veryhappy and I will order more stuff from Amazon in the near future::Jeff Kennedy::5.0::December 23, 2013
R1G37Q3MF8J0XS::security video power cord::There was nothing to dislike about this product.  We use it with a  SVAT CV502-4CH-002 Web Ready 4 Channel H.264 500GB HDD DVR Security System.  It installed easily, even when it had to go around corners.  2 of our cameras are at maximum distance from the recorder and we've had no problems with the clarity of the feed.::C. M. S. "MZ C"::5.0::December 21, 2013
R1ZYIAZCER8CSJ::camera cable::I bouth this item for a security camera tgat i was intalling and it worked great not bad for the price::pedro::5.0::December 17, 2013
R38BS4D4JSO1RZ::Great Product::I am very happy with this product and the prompt service.  It was received within a few days after I ordered the it and have had no issues with the product at all.::Jodie McIntyre::5.0::December 12, 2013
RVC67VYPQ0GXU::Good Quality Cable::This is a good quality cable. There is no apparent degradation in the video as compared with shorter runs. Good price too.::Edie Diaz::5.0::December 11, 2013
R3VW0MPZ20UYDW::small gauge wire.::worked well for the purpose. just would have been better if wire thickness was the same as the unit being used. this was slightly smaller. slight video loss can be seen in the picture quality.::James Jr.::4.0::December 10, 2013
R2WRLXX6CQ1BSU::Works great::It was a very good product, worked well, done very good in my application, thanks do highly recommend  this product::tony erwin::5.0::December 6, 2013
RUI9D3FK213WX::Good cables::Purchased for long distance. Easy to hook up and doesn't seem to cause any delay in recording or viewing from camera::Amazon Customer::5.0::December 2, 2013
R3KKE76AXXS5HT::OK for the money::This cable is a good buy for the money, but I expected a heavier cable.This will work fine for most applications, but I sent it back to buy a heavier cable.::Peter::2.0::November 28, 2013
R23WAL476UF98M::good product::good product, extended two of my outside cctv, a bit too long for me, wish they have shorter ones, but min savings::JT::5.0::November 21, 2013
R39O4FROPTDWRH::You get what you pay for::The only reason im rating this item 2 stars is because the price was cheap. It is true you get what you pay for. 3 of the 4 cables i purchased would cut the video in and out just by accidentally bumping the connector. One was so bad i broke out my bnc crimpers and crimped another end on the cable it was so bad. The other con of this item is it instantly tangles upon trying to run it to your camera, regardless of how it is wound or which end you try to pull first it becomes a nice birds nest. I dont believe it is too much to ask to use a cheap cardboard tube to wind this cable on for the customers sake.::sam::2.0::November 19, 2013
RQAS8ZSN7JG5U::Great product::Great Quality cables for security cams. Work perfectly for the distances I needed to expand the distance on my security cameras.::Dee Dee CF::5.0::November 19, 2013
R2ITE7PWJUFEVI::VideoSecu 100 Feet Video Power Cable::It was everything that I expected and more! I am well satisfied! The price was very reasonable and it included RCA adapter plugs so I didn't have to go out and buy any.::Tim Mitcham::5.0::November 13, 2013
R1A4OJTPCOLNH1::Good Buy::Works Great, No issues... Good value for money spent. Using on video CCTV Security Camera. I have not noticed any loss of power, 12 volts in on one end and 12 out on the other 100 feet away.::Derf "Derf"::5.0::November 12, 2013
RHIZ22LLC7CCW::Excellent product::Delivery was received when promised, within a week.  Great product. This was needed because the 60ft cable was not long enough for some of the cameras we installed.::B. Fontenot::5.0::November 3, 2013
R32V97ZFUOQ7T3::Good to go::I was what I expected, I don't know what else to say about it, except that it worked, but I'm not in love with it.::MonteC::4.0::November 3, 2013
R2FYDG1YV34NVX::video power cable does what its told::Gives video and power to your cctv camera. If it works when you get the cable, great, if not send it back and get another one. Not too complicated. Nuff said. Mine worked just fine.::aj::4.0::November 1, 2013
R16QFZW8CH9DCH::VIDEO SECURITY POWER CABLE::YOU DON'T NEED TO CUT ANYTHING, JUST FELLOW INSTRUCTION, ALL CONNECTIONS ARE THERE. SECURE YOUR CABLE. EASY AS 123. ALL YOU HAVE TO MAKE SURE IS THAT YOU GET THE  CORRECT LENGTH OF CABLE THAT IS NEEDED.::GUADALUPE ARAUZA::5.0::October 28, 2013
R1COL0OELN5VFB::Great item::Fast shipment, item worked much better than the oem equipment that came with my cameras and 40 feet longer for the same money.::Rich::5.0::October 27, 2013
R267Z6OVV7UJEK::it is half the length.::Ordered the same length twice. The second one was half the length of the first one. Someone messed up and need to check this for future orders.::Mk::1.0::October 22, 2013
R2B1EK683IJEA0::video::video secu 100 feet video power cable very good cables are very long nice job ;j;j jilu trewsts drt i kl;'l l';l::Jose R.::5.0::October 12, 2013
R27DO43DL0B5DN::great cables::work very good. run them through the walls no problems yet. don't know what more I can say about it. haven't had any problem with interference.::PonySlaystation::5.0::October 2, 2013
RHX62XSVYV8Q6::great::I buy three cameras and there are all working great,  Clear pictures on daytime.  night images are okay, it is better than some expensive cameras.  Installation is very easy.  Great for outdoor.::Erik Huang::4.0::September 24, 2013
R3VOAPWAZJKP7O::Excellent::Very nice ! I recommend this product. and it is worth the purchase.  I just wanted to find a good product.::thelma "Author Thelma Cunningham"::5.0::September 23, 2013
R3K3PSC9VYG3TG::great product::Fast and easy install, no problems with bad cords. Wish they came in 75 foot lenths.  would buy again if needed::Sara::5.0::September 22, 2013
R2TR4DY4KMNP47::Does the job::Good deal, cheap and does the job. You have to be careful when installing since the wire is kind of thin.::vic::5.0::September 21, 2013
R2L86A6U9ML5CT::worked great::ordered this because i had a long run and the standard 60' cable was way too short.This worked just fine.::brinkley::5.0::September 18, 2013
R1Q972V8V1KK2C::Save your money...::...buy something else.  I have the Swann security system, this cable compared to the one supplied with the system is noticeably crappy. Obviously for the price I expected I thought some people were just picky with the video quality, I was wrong, I should have listened to them, they were right, its horrible. If you don't care about video quality, then this is the cable for you. I ended up buying Swann's cable, cost a little bit more but when it comes to video quality, its needed, why have a camera system if the video is all crappy in the first place?!::Nancy::3.0::September 6, 2013
RUHGDA0WFRR1J::It's a good thing these are fairly cheap.::It's a good thing these are fairly cheap, because about half of the dozen I  bought were bad from the package. Very cheaply made.::Gene Thomas "p jocky"::3.0::August 31, 2013
R3SJJV3DAC63NF::Great cable::I bought several of these for use when installing security camera system. Worked perfect. Appears to be well made and good quality.::Dan::5.0::August 26, 2013
R1OTQVQ7339ZKJ::Works good with Swann cameras::I got this for Swann SWDVK-825508 8-Channel Digital Video Recorder with Smartphone Viewing and 8 x PRO-530 Cameras. Works fine. Video looks the same with no issues. As with any cabling, test it before you run it. You will hate yourself if you run a bad cable.::Jon::5.0::August 26, 2013
R1AJTA8SY95GCQ::Stagger the Plugs!::These are easy to plug in and seem to be good quality.However, Dear Manufacturer, please stagger the plug lengths so that the power plug is not right beside the video plug. For example, on one end of the wire make the power wire about four inches longer and on the other end make the video wire longer. This way cables can be joined without forming a huge ball that cant pass through conducts.When joining two cables I had to cross and tape the plugs and still struggled to pass them through  in. conduct with curves.I also think it would be nice if they came with a female-to-female coupler instead of or as well as the RCA adapter.::Hicoteo::4.0::August 22, 2013
R25UR6EPJFHECT::Perfect for home or office::Perfect for home or officecheapBetter then wireless any day, i bet u 100%  Great,, awesome buy. Very pleased with order and shipping,::J. Williams::5.0::August 16, 2013
R1SUTORFRW11M5::Exactly what I needed::This item was great. It was exactly as described and fit perfectly with my Defender Security System. I would recommend it to anyone needing an extension.::Krishan P.::5.0::August 14, 2013
R3E3QCCCM2RWBZ::mrd::I ordered this cable because the 60 feet that came with my cameras was little to short. Is working very nice.::mrd::5.0::August 10, 2013
R23T4Y5XX9WRE5::Request::When you connect the ends ,Presently I tape them but it would be good if you had a clip available to keep them from pulling apart when you pull it through the hole that you drill in the overhang in your house and across the trust and rafters.::Asa Ferguson::4.0::August 8, 2013
R3B74S5L91TF07::good cable::cable did not work on bunker hill cameras. terminal did not fit . will keep for future use . thanks anyhow::Wayne::3.0::August 3, 2013
R1AR229N5H67M2::100 Foot Video Cable For CCTV Cameras::I wish the gauge of the wire in the cable was noted. It's not as heavy as the gauge that came with my Lorex System and the cameras on the two 100 foot cables I bought , have a slight blur to them, because of the long run. But the price is 1 quarter of a 100 foot cable from Lorex.::Michael::3.0::August 2, 2013
R4XSDUERUOJME::lowest quality::cable broke during installation, too thinner than other cables.Its a scam.install 2 months after I bought, then I could not return.::Thant Aye::1.0::August 1, 2013
R20QTS6KVCU8XC::100-foot video/power cable::Cable seems to be put together well and it works like it is supposed to.  I can't vouch for how long it will hold up though.  They asked for this review right after I purchased the item.::James B::5.0::July 30, 2013
R17CRQ9U596A3V::Good Buy::I install security systems for people and sometime I need that extrat footage for some cameras.  This works well and sells for a good price.::Ruso Minnifield "PrinceHappy2"::5.0::July 26, 2013
R1PKX1SG3WSSDA::Just what I needed::A little extra wire to finish the job, the wires that came with the system was a little short on some of the install.::Big Daddy "Budha"::4.0::July 24, 2013
R32FPKDMGGGLX7::The wire gauge is too small for most outdoor applications.::These wire lead sets are simply O.K. and nothing more. I believe that you would be better off with heavier gauge wire for such a purpose, (outdoors or exposed to extreme sunlight conditions)...... "Bare-Bones MInimum" wiring for quality camera systems.::bikeryakman::3.0::July 23, 2013
R3P5ORZAZ9PIQX::Worked for me.::I added this cable (using a Female to Female BNC Coupler) to a 60 foot cable on my Lorex DVR surveillance system.  There is no visible degradation in video quality and although I didn't measure before and after current draw, the dc power transformer doesn't seem to get warm to the touch (running 4 cameras).::R. Escalante::5.0::July 23, 2013
R6ZVPBV3GKGTP::just like factory::just like factory it maybe i dont know but it works and i havent had any problem with it it does the job and does it well.::shawn marcotte::5.0::July 14, 2013
R2M2I5KPKBRKPQ::May work, may not::I ordered two.  One of them worked and is still in use to this day.  The other one had a short that caused the video to go in/out, so I returned it.::avontbone::2.0::July 12, 2013
R14BAH954CKSH7::Easy to use::I don't have anything bad to say about this product, it does what it is supposed to do, and is simple to use::Bryan white::5.0::July 11, 2013
R32TCKUFG4BGBA::Cable was as expected and service was great::Quality and fittings were as expected and cable is working fine.  I would not hesitate to purchase this item again.::Fred Beeson::5.0::July 7, 2013
R2FKSU6W297S8G::cables / low cost / easy to work with!::bought the cables to reach to certain places in the home / worked perfect!  very flexible / priced right / shielding is good!::wade::5.0::July 6, 2013
R1J4CQII1BMIFN::Unacceptable quality::After much trouble-shooting, switching cameras etc., determined that problem was intermittent connection in video connector.  Unfortunately, past the 30 day warranty.  I wouldn't recommend purchasing any cables of this brand.::rleetay::1.0::July 3, 2013
R1Y16I02SS9MXJ::Buy me, you'll need me!::I purchased the Defender 21113 PRO Sentinel 8CH Smart Security DVR with 8 Hi-Res Outdoor/Indoor system and needed three of these to supplement the cable footage needed to wire my home to the cameras.  This is very competitively priced, so get this when buying your security system.::Chris123::5.0::June 27, 2013
R3146J77KTQNY5::Thin wires::The wires were a little thinner than I was aware (my fault), and it led to a little signal degradation, but it works.::Dave Hare::3.0::June 25, 2013
R16OAIXC4EDODO::works well::works very well for the length it was. no problems, all ends fit well to the camera and the dvr.::pacupenny::5.0::June 19, 2013
R2ZKP63I1KB0JN::Its a cable::Its a cable.  I don't know what else to say.  It did its job and did it well.  good job cable.::Blake Paff::5.0::June 15, 2013
RXXXAIF78YFX2::It's cheap and OK.::Basically, it's a cheap product, the cable is kind of thin, however, it works as it expected.You got what you pay for .::chi::4.0::June 12, 2013
RDK53B5NDA8JF::Power and video cable::Great product.  Quality seems just fine to me.  I have it hooked to my VideoSecu outdoor camera and it is going good.::John B.::5.0::June 12, 2013
R28XVCM2OXVQ80::Great value::This cable is just as described. it is a great value, and much cheaper than other sources. This is what makes Amazon great, for us who live in a small town with few options for such products.::Augie::5.0::June 10, 2013
R395U3E0T6XTXB::Great::This fit my DEFENDER 21030 SENTINEL 8-Channel Smart Security DVR. I needed longer cable and this worked great without any problems.::Ivy Brinson::5.0::June 6, 2013
R3BYKW7K3DWI1J::Enough wire for the longest run::We had several places where our cameras were located 70 feet from the DVD. This worked just fine, no problems even though in some instances we wrapped up the excess in a bundle and put a tie around.::Robert Harris "Bob"::5.0::June 5, 2013
R1BEA97CNH1KGF::DVR in Use::I bought another set of these cables as I added another camera and they work perfectly, it's long enought to reach my storage house located it in my back yard...::Oscar Reyes::5.0::June 2, 2013
R2617Q0AR2HVBS::Cord::The cord was delivered fast. I installed the cam areas the next day and they are working great. The cord was the correct length and exactly what I needed.::skyorkee::5.0::June 2, 2013
RM4VPB540ACVZ::I bought this to complete my system::This is a great product.  It was exactly what I needed to complete my security system and I feel much safer.  However, IF there is a critique of this product, it has got to be that it doesn't come with a way to attach the very lengthy cord to walls or ceilings.  It is irresponsible to leave cords and wires laying upon the floor, that just leads to lawsuits.  I had to improvise with packing tape and some hooks.  All in all I am satisfied and I would recommend this to anyone who is willing to apply a little "handy-man" touch.::Sammy D::4.0::June 1, 2013
R19U7ABJ5B953A::coection::right length wrong connections i need usb to mini 5 pin connection. is that possible. thank you for your help with this::Steve S. Salazar "chiliman51"::3.0::June 1, 2013
R1C0CZ2EKO4RYK::Works as well as the more expensive ones::Was impressed that with this being a 100 feet it not only worked but transmitted the security video picture with no flaws. I've been told to use over 50ft causes the video image to diminish in quality but I have not noticed it with this cable. Will definitely continue to use and if I ever need another 100 feet I'll be ordering this cord.::Extremely Satisfied with Pink Moose Company::5.0::May 30, 2013
R1IZCBBZV2NZHV::Good cables::Good quality material. I get no distortion with these cables. Good quality material low price. Recommended to anyone who does surveillance equipment::Antnony Cilluffo::4.0::May 22, 2013
R70JQYTDHE28F::As expected::This power cable orks just fine. Just what I needed for a long run of cable. Not designed to carry sound.::Gary R. Cameron::5.0::May 17, 2013
R3P152XQNAJB2K::VideoSecu 100 Feet Video Power BNC RCA Cable for CCTV Security Cameras 1JE::i got this as an extra. it works great. comes with the two RCA ends. i would recommend this product to a friend::scottie::5.0::May 14, 2013
R3NY9ADZCM80JX::Nice::Appreciate the extra length for my Cameras, same quality that came with the cameras and almost twice the length, great value::Kevin C. Brooks::5.0::May 7, 2013
R24I86T8VCU1X1::As Advertised::I installed a camera that required a longer run.  No issues to report.  Clarity and quality due to length was not affected.::Big C::5.0::May 1, 2013
R1ODFY6OZBNLYA::Just as good as the one that came with the system::The security kit came with four 60ft but I needed two longer ones so I bought these. They are good quality and good price in Amazon. My only recommendation is be careful when unwinding them, they tend to tangle up. Is not just this ones, the ones from the kit did too. I got them all tangled and meant I had to spend some time in a hot attic because one end was already down the wall. Try to unwind them before you start passing them through the walls and will save you some trouble.::Amazon Customer::5.0::April 29, 2013
R1G6Y7QB3G09BJ::Good cable::Used this to extend the range of some cameras (see my other reviews) that I bought. Worked as I expected them to.::St8away::5.0::April 24, 2013
R63PSABM2FS2U::extension cables nice::good for anyone needing to extend there cable going from camera to dvr.  This is exactly what I needed and price was good!::Robert J. Moser "xtremr"::5.0::April 17, 2013
R3OTEBIS0A3457::It's well with me::I'm very much satisfied with my purchase, it came very quick , I did think that the night view would have been better. I still learning how to operate it::Pen Name::4.0::April 11, 2013
RNK7IBSVG2OH9::good video feed cable::These cables work fine but, make sure you know which end is which. They are not labled "video camera" or "DVR" like the cables that came with our camera. I ran one cable backwards and did not realize it untill I went to connect the cameras. I was able to fix my mess up. It would have been nice if they were labled.::Robert Gault::4.0::March 31, 2013
R3AXKV0WR8DS2G::Perfect!::This cable worked perfectly and I highly recommend it as a product for your home security system. No problems with it in any way shape or form.::digitalbeachbum "digitalbeachbum"::5.0::March 26, 2013
R36EMM7UI2SYVE::security wires::I liked the wires it is easily unwrapped and it works great for out doors. I would recommend buying this item.::Gemini0126::5.0::March 23, 2013
R3S0EVXH8NTZB::Great buy::If you buy a camera kit and the placement of your DVR is greater than 60ft. You will need this.::E Alexander::5.0::March 22, 2013
R1XZJ3YWFQLJDY::Knots everywhere!::The cables themselves work fine. Power, video, perfect. My reasoning for only 3 stars is due to the strange way the wires are bundled up. It is impossible to just take one end of the cord and just pull. It will knot up. So with both the cables I bought, I stood there for 30 minutes each unwinding them, getting all the knots out. Big pain.::faral::3.0::March 21, 2013
R273JL9GY67N4A::Factory connections.::Helped a friend whom bought an off the shelf CCTV system.  The included cables are only 60'  but we need to go over 100' so these are the solution.::Sean::5.0::March 1, 2013
R9HLYK1DZ9ZU6::100 foot cable::What can you say, its a cable. It has a good picture. It was very hard to unwind. The factory needs to wind the cable on a rool.::Gregg Smith::4.0::February 22, 2013
R3I8HCKF5R8QM3::rca cable::If your wiring is more than the one that comes with the box this cable is a must have I couldnt have completed the project without this cable.::iowa::5.0::February 13, 2013
R2P3RAW5QHEVKW::Quick and cheap::I priced these at Walmart at $49 each and bought 2 for under $30. I installed them in my attic and the fit as good as the 60ft cabled that came with the unit.::TomOsgood::5.0::February 8, 2013
RX1GAPSJE32HO::Perfect::Glad to see Item was on time and exactly what was stated, Will order more from this dealer. Highly recommended.::Amazon Customer::5.0::February 6, 2013
R1YEHUAKL68FVU::CABLE 100 FT::TODO BIEN, TAL CUAL LO ESPERADO, SIN NOVEDAD, . . . . . . . . . . . .::Esteban Tames Haces "Esteban Tames"::5.0::February 6, 2013
R25J11IDRSNMUO::made well::works great I ran the cord through the atic and arounf the out side of the house and it is working fine::Robert Pritchard::5.0::February 5, 2013
R1O6U33MGMVIRG::Great Product::Great product , works great and much cheaper than Night Owl cord, Would reccomend to anyone thinking of buying  BNC extension cords::Michael::5.0::January 30, 2013
RDBJ7Z4EJ5GZ1::Best Price and Length for Routing through the house::excellent product and great price......fits cameras  and TV perfectly...the length is great for those routing in the house... easy connections are supplied.::AMD::5.0::January 29, 2013
R2B58VI5YLESJ6::Completely functional, very thin cable::The cable works the way it should, but mine had a tear in it right at the plug and required some tape to keep it working. Can't complain for the price, and it could have happened in shipping.::Xmamaster::5.0::January 28, 2013
R2KAEK6329S487::WORKS GREAT::NEEDING A LONGER CORD FOR MY SYSTEM, PICKED THIS ONE UP. NO PROBLEMS AT ALL, THANK YOU! WORK GREAT! GREAT PRICE!::JOEY "JOEY"::5.0::January 25, 2013
R9Z0G0TM9U6TN::These are good::Well built and decent quality, these cables work as advertised and seem like they will last for years to come.::Glenn A. Jakubowski::5.0::January 24, 2013
R2975D7S3GXPQB::cables::i had to send the cam system back that i bought these for but decided to keep them for the future::longknife11::5.0::January 23, 2013
R2B93X1Q3ENKJX::Perfect for camera outside::Bought this for the VideoSecu bullet security camera that's mounted about thirty feet away outside.  Buried this cable to the house and it worked perfectly for what we needed.::Seamstressexpress::5.0::January 23, 2013
R1CMF0VMCNSIDS::video scan 100 ft bnc cable::connections and cable are just what I needed,  thanks for the extra length I  It seems to be strong enough to work under the eve of the house.::cottontop::5.0::January 22, 2013
R2TV3Q9XC8TDF5::good quality::This cable is 100' long and has no visible loss in signal power. It stays flexible even in cold weather.::Richard H. Magnano::5.0::January 21, 2013
R2R1BEDV163K0V::Works great - nice price::I bought one of these when the 60' included cable with my Swann system was not quite long enough. This made a great replacement. I don't know for fact, but I assume most of these home surveillance units use compatible connectors - this one uses a BNC connector for video and also came with BNC-->RCA adapters.::Wendy & Jeff S::5.0::January 19, 2013
R1YX5J6OZUD4QQ::i like this::thankyou i like this used for my house and next time i will buy more for this cable and save more money thankyou.::minh nguyen::5.0::January 17, 2013
RS2ETBAPF09XV::Great Quality::On receiving this item, I was impressed by the craftmanship that was shown.  The item was well put together and of high quality products it would appear.  I purchased this item to fullfill a need, and it has gone above my expectations.  Very impressive.::S. Hinds::5.0::January 9, 2013
R3BQU75EAAEZ5U::As advertised::Great quality product.  I used it to link my TV to a security camera system and it works perfectly.  Great price..::PRA7::5.0::January 4, 2013
R35BMKHB1QO91Z::Perfect for the  surveillance camera::Quality as good as any.  Length more than adequate for my needs, plugs easily into dvr surv. system recorder.  A must for installation of the camera I bought.::ALJ::5.0::January 3, 2013
R2YICKFXOR4AIR::Video wire::I used one of the video extentions with a video camera on Christmas day to monitor video as it was being recorded.  The video looked fine.::Rick::4.0::January 1, 2013
R2E1OCSA6MB7E0::Not so goof::I was expecting a more heavy duty wire.  I would rather get heavier grade from Fry's (white color). The image quality would be affected over the long distance.::Satoshi Mochizuki "TM"::3.0::December 28, 2012
R2MSE4TJJA7J0O::VideoSecu 100 Feet Video Power BNC RCA Cable for CCTV Security Cameras.::The cable are 100 ft but the problem is that the fitting are to close together and you cannot split the cables apart to get them to fit the power box and the dvr had to put and rca extension to make them work.::abdin pino::1.0::December 27, 2012
R3L6VNF7M12YVJ::Great::Just used to replace our camera cords! Worked wonderful! Husband installed them right after they arrived to replace the ones we already had!::R. L. Trask::5.0::December 26, 2012
R2Q1ZPXT83LG08::Work great for me::I used this cable to run cctv in my business. It has worked as expected with no problems whatsoever. I recommend this product.::kl335i::5.0::December 26, 2012
R21J8YM28YMQT5::Good cable and good price::.This is good cable and good price, that says it all when installing home security cameras for yourself in your own home.::dave::4.0::December 25, 2012
R3IS2N2KI5PFXL::VideoSecu 100 Feet Video Power BNC RCA Cable for CCTV Security Cameras...::got it on time worker great but i had to get additional equipment to hear what was going on as well::wildroses::4.0::December 21, 2012
R12QWUU0KZF91F::They were very well wrapped, and I didn't have trouble with them.::Easy to lay out, and worked very well.Easy install, only draw back is that if you use staples to secure them, it's easy to pinch the cords and ruin them.::JULinux::5.0::December 18, 2012
R1OLYGS9SQHU5Q::VideoSecu 100 feet Video Power BNC RCA Cable::This item came as a 100" replacement cable to the Zmodo security system. It is not however an extension cable without the purchase of Valley BNC female to female adapter couplers also. Item arrived quickly and I would purchase again.::goarmy::4.0::December 11, 2012
R2JWDT5P1UWX4M::100 Feet of Cable...::I purchased this for a long run for my camera system.  It does the job.  The video quality isn't quite as sharp as my shorter runs, but that's to be expected with such a long cable.  Signal loss is a naturally occurring thing.  All in all, it does a good job.  Just be careful to avoid electrical wiring when running to your DVR...::James Southard "JoeCop"::5.0::December 11, 2012
R11ZTDV13TE38T::very good cable::Very good cable - the connections are connected very well to the cable - we had some issues unwinding the cable however it is a 100' roll of cable. It will work just fine.::Buddy::4.0::December 10, 2012
RNSXIR3AR16M6::Very Good::Very Good Service I am not interested in writing 17 words I have already said All I Have to Say::David::5.0::December 8, 2012
R3M4O5XI2LEPTE::cord::it was easy to put together with the camera  thats really all i can say and i will be buying more of this product::Gwen Bishop::5.0::December 6, 2012
R7PK346447OON::Flimsy::I like to keep a few spare cables on hand for testing and, if the need arises, replacing a cable that stops working.  I usually buy the Zmodo cables, but this one seemed like a really good price.  I was surprised when it arrived and saw that both video and power were in the same, very thin, cable.  I can see this stretching or eventually failing when used in anything other than a simple interior run.The Zmodo cables look more like very heavy extension cords, with the two cables run side by side.  I'll keep this as a spare because it's not worth the hassle of returning. I just ordered a Zmodo 130' for about $20.::Jed Jr.::2.0::December 2, 2012
R1F0QQ11TD19RU::Product was what I exected::This 100 foot long extension cable was exactly what I needed to reach my last camera and was easy to install.::Taylor::4.0::November 30, 2012
RIDMIS5TYSPGS::Far when you need to::This is a good product, works well and is nicely constructed I have also a fifty foot long and a One hundred fifty foot length ones also excellent.::DodgeD::5.0::November 29, 2012
R10XR6A8QRHJKC::CCTV cable::Cable works fine. Timely delivery. One of my cameras was a little farther away and I needed a cable longer than 60 feet.::Lincoln Pickard::5.0::November 18, 2012
R3OSAOXRSTUXWN::Security Camera Cable::I really like this cable.It is thin and fitted easy in the spaces I had to run it along and through.It was a good price.::Black Eyes "Frosed"::5.0::October 30, 2012
R2LLG9EGOXRP3E::Another Cable Externsion::Once again my security system needed another camera, but this one was furthest from the DVR.  This 100 foot cable extension, along with the 65 feet that came with the camera worked out great.  The length was what I needed and the power and video signal were part of the cable.::Stanley J. Wynman "Wynman"::5.0::October 29, 2012
R3VQCBB7PI4CAH::VideoSecu Security Camera Cable Review::Bought cable to replace one that total died. Cable arrived within stated time frame.  Test cable immediately after arrival... security video is crisp and clear..does a good job.::RayRon::5.0::October 29, 2012
R2LXHH3J5H2BL1::Works great with Defender cameras::I bought a 4 camera system from Defender USA. The system comes with a 65 ft cable which was about 10 feet too short. They sell additional cables (65 ft for $35 or 130 ft for $60) but they were ridiculously overpriced and were either too short or too long. I bought this cable instead -- 100 ft for $12 -- and it works perfectly. This cable will pretty much work with any camera system that uses at BNC / 12 volt DC connector. Highly recommended.::Ken::5.0::October 27, 2012
R2ICRWIEAFTY0E::works fine::needed to extend for far reaching camera - 100ft + 60ft - I dont see degraded signal and has been working for about 6 months now::Jambo FTCW "Tech Special"::5.0::October 27, 2012
R2EOW1XBY0RAYI::Works great, need different adapter::Cables were what I needed for a Swann security camera system.  Bought too long of cables, but better too long than too short.You will need to go by radio shack and get an adapter.  Lowes and Home Depot had an adapter that would work, but the one from radio shack were better and locked in place with the cable turn lock on the yellow end.::L. Austin::4.0::October 26, 2012
R2JIFDTXIIQNR1::Good Cable For The Price.::I bought this cable for a cctv camera system i am putting together,and it does the job.for a small 4 camera system,this will work ok.shipping was fast and the price was very reasonable.i would recommend this cable.::lcruse::4.0::October 19, 2012
RC2JSRE9Q997B::Works but....::Nice inexpensive cable. But...if you are running with the expected power connection. Forget it unless you can boost the power. Without the boost there is insignificant power at the end. The result will be ....it doesn't work...there is too much loss in the power cable for the use of a ac adapter.I kept the cable and ordered the shorter 50ft. I let you all know if that one works.::L. Ohara "A Seattle coffee drinker"::3.0::October 17, 2012
R1NMQHZKQBQK6D::Great quality cables::These cables have plenty of footage to spare.  They are a great quality also. The cables were packaged in a way that I didn't have to unwrap the entire bundle.::Ryan::5.0::October 3, 2012
R1V1HJV5XVIEO6::WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW::GOOD: Made of good material. excellent price/quality. it does the job.BAD:  So far ,nothing bad to report, and had it working for couple of months.::JUAN PERDOMO::5.0::September 28, 2012
R1E82GSCPOVS9K::Good quality cable::The cable's quality is pretty good. When I connect it to my CMOS security camera from this seller, the picture is very clear, no voltage drop. I've used many camera cables, this one is the best. Recommend.::jason h haskins::5.0::September 2, 2012
R17SU2DLVET5RE::Cheap price, Cheap Quality, But It Works::You get what you pay for and that's the case with this cable.  It's about half the diameter of the previous cable I'd ordered but paid twice as much for.  The video signal seems OK, at least for what I need and without rerouting one of the other more expensive cables to compare it's impossible to know if it makes any difference.  For now I would say the cable does what I need at a cheap price.  Just be careful installing it as I doubt it would take ANY strain at all. In my case it just had to run through the attic over the insulation so that wasn't an issue. Hopefully I'm still happy in the future.::Ohio Guy::4.0::August 5, 2012
R3EK5INE47H2U0::Works fine::I bought these in sept 2010...it is now July 2012.  THey are still working.  I use them for my home security camera setup.  quality and price are decent.::spankythemonk::5.0::July 15, 2012
R2ZYOEA7WN4VEX::Great wire for the price::The wire itself but does feal a little bit on the weak side as far as it is built but, it took quite a beating while I installed it. 105 degrees out I wanted to get it done QUICK!!! Despite getting tangled alot (there is alot of wire there) and getting tossed around a bit, it held in there. There was NO quality differance from the 60 FT wire. The fact that it came with the BNC to RCA adapters was just icing on the cake. Oh, and mine was not a single wire design ie, the power wire ran seperately than the video wire.::M. Bowker::5.0::July 3, 2012
RE6RGE6YCXVIR::Just as it should be!::Adding on to the video system and needed a LONG cord to hook up the final camera. It works as it should and feels like better quality than the cables supplied with the camera kit. I notice no degrading of the signal for the length.::RopeMan::5.0::July 2, 2012
R2XN7YUXK50K3X::Very happy with this cable::I was installing a security camera on the far side of a house and needed a longer cable than the 60ft  cable that came with the system. I bought this cable sometime ago for a extra long camera install that I needed so i got several extra cables. It has the BNC to RCA adapters included with it.::snackdaddy::4.0::June 24, 2012
R2NWVUNPE8P635::CCTV cable::Excellent price and high quality make this a must buy, especially when coupled (no pun intended) with the great service.::Lee Jenkinson::5.0::May 26, 2012
RVYM7GP8C4IZZ::Perfect match for my camera...::I bought a camera and wasn't sure what cables to buy. Fortunatly, when I put it in my cart, I was offered the option to buy cables. I was reluctant, but well pleased with the price and quality of this product. It comes with all the hardware needed to hook the camera up. All in all I would recomend this product to anyone wanting an incredible deal.::Frank Rice "Unclebens"::5.0::April 6, 2012
R17KH2Q1YHNU7L::VideoSecu 100 Feet Video Power BNC RCA Cable for CCTV Security Cameras 1JE::this is a great item to replace the shorter wires that were received with my security systems. Everything works great and there should not be a signal loss unless you get to around 800 ft.  I love it.::krayzc::5.0::March 25, 2012
R31A87L2H5YWHB::works::I needed a longer cord for home security camera this fit the bill at a price that was good, this isn't real thick same quality as is included in most kits.::L. DeBarge::5.0::March 11, 2012
R3XVGICLKQFKY::Great purchase::Worked perfect for what I needed. The security cameras I had purchased came with 60' cables which weren't enough. The best thing about this cable was that the electric ends were black instead of red which made things a lot easier on the other end. I'm planning on adding cameras and will definitely buy more of these. Shipping was fast as well. Be careful when opening though, 100' tangles easy....::Kevin N.::5.0::January 7, 2012
R39PSLXO2QKV0G::Good Value::There is nothing particularly fancy about this cable, but it works as expected and was a reasonable price. I opted for the longer one so I'd have more flexibility in camera location. I was concerned I might get interference, but the picture is as good as when the camera is plugged directly into the DVR.::Noisemaker::4.0::January 5, 2012
R1BC8787KBT3ZA::Its a cable::Works as needed. Its a cable, so it either works or it doesnt. Very long, good quality materials. I did not see a degradation of video quality- the video camera was already pretty poor resolution vise so it is hard to tell if it was the cable. Either way, it is acceptable, and the way this has both the video and power cables is very useful.::wowsuchprofile::5.0::January 2, 2012
R21JXRWQB4E0N4::Perfect for the job!::Have used this product for childcare video security system in a rather large steel framed brick structure. Running through walls, through ceilings with steel supports, around heating ducts, etc. Have not had any issues with the cable and the signal transmitted is everything it should be.Have spliced long runs together with additional fittings and am completely satisfied with the results.::Gregg Cornett::5.0::December 7, 2011
R3482QJNEKTJ3P::cheap cable works great::This cable doesnt feel like it's shielded very well, but I don't know for sure.  However, it works great with my Swann system from Costco. For the price, it could not be beat.::dporter::5.0::October 29, 2011
R2Q6ZWBT4KZ446::Camera Power/Video Feed Cables::The cables are as expected.  The packaging also included straight through connectors, which is nice to have if necessary to extend a current cable.  I had to reorder a pair of cables due to myself damaging the original pair.  Words of warning, be careful, the cables are thin and fragile.  As fart as costs, the cables are much less expensive through Amazon then any other on-line location.::EWF "GPS Traveler"::5.0::October 18, 2011
R1KV90HF51CUCJ::Great find!::Worked good; just what I needed. I was concerned there would be significant signal loss over the distance, but it was OK for my needs.  Shipping was very fast.::Dave::5.0::September 20, 2011
RNRIFR5O6ZNNO::Good cable that works as expected::Very nice, flexible cable.  This cable is a single build design so it looks like just a single cable but at each end it splits out so that you can power the camera through the same cable.  I am using it on my first camera on my first home surveillance system so I don't have anything to compare it to but I am very satisfied with it.::Rex::5.0::June 26, 2011
R3A2YZOBZ34WJK::Inexpensive Cable / Works Well::Cable is inexpensive and quality is good.  I have 4 of these cables 1x 100' and 3x 50' all of them work well.  Cable set includes BNC to RCA adaptors so you can use this with pretty much any device.  A 3/4" hole is perfect for getting the connectors and a cable fish pole through walls.::Dominic A. Pizza::5.0::June 25, 2011
R15N35LOGP1TQX::Works::The data and power are all wrapped in the same cable and is a little on the thin side. I would be extra cautious with the cable itself and avoid kinking it, pulling on it and make sure it stays away from sharp edges. Seems like it could damage easily. Doesn't appear to be shielded much but no problems so far. Connected this to a CCTV camera on one end and DVR on the other. Works as advertised.I have also used the 50' and 150' and they all work just as well. If this is something you plan on using for short periods of time and rolling back up I highly recommend getting a cable roller as these can kink up badly when doing it by hand.::Portland Ghosts::4.0::November 12, 2010
R35WM1AK1BB5E8::Significant video quality loss::I bought this cable to replace my 60ft BNC cable which came with my Q-SEE security camera. While the cable works, video quality was reduced comparing to the old 60 ft cable. The camera video looks fussy and out of focus. I understand that it's not fair to compare 60ft cable to a much longer 100 ft cable, but I did not expect such a significant quality loss based on mostly positive reviews.::Jake "jake"::3.0::December 28, 2011
R3R8GJV6OBTGDQ::Well, it depends.::This product works but not as I expected. The three star rating is a direct representation of the functionality of this product; in other words, it will get you there, the only question is how. Perhaps my faux pas for being a bit too frugal (amateur Amazonian). Well, I intended to order Siamese cable for a remote video camera location. When one thinks of Siamese, two felines, similar in appearance, come to mind. Well, this cable is similar to the like said but just one cat with two heads and two tails. The heads and tails represent the terminations. In other words, this product runs both power supply and video through the same common area. The products works; however, there is roll off approaching 5Mhz causing a distorted pedestal or some technobable like that. In other words, the product is just adequate for low resolution video cameras but if you have an 800 or so line camera, please run RG6 coax. My signal was even attenuated with a 400 line camera which, as every kid in town knows, requires about 3.5 Mhz. I was gobsmacked with the poor quality of my 800 line camera until I changed over to RG6 coax. Now I can see the hair on the pimple of a flea. There is, however, good news. This cable easily passes my 2Mhz robotics control signal with absolutely no CRC errors.::Newcrow::3.0::May 23, 2013
R1FPPYOAO3Z216::Does not include items listed::The description says that the cable comes with BNC RCA adapter but does not. Everything else was fine, but this cable is now useless to me without the adapter. Radioshack, here I come.::James P McFarlane::1.0::February 3, 2012
R37174X2N0YO0A::works fine::I have the 100ft version , works fine..The wires inside are very thin and electric and Video are right next to each other , which could create a distortion in the picture, a techician told me .He recomended RG6 cable with 90% shielding, and separating the electric cable from the cable that transports the video.I tried , connected the camara directly to the TV with a very short RG 6 Cable.. ..No recognizable difference.This cable works fine for the 100ft. No need for RG6.Be careful not to bend it to much, not to break the fine little wires inside.Protect it from the sun to have it last a bit longer !Best Regards,::null::4.0::October 27, 2010
RJH0IMPGO6BV2::WARNING DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT....::WARNING DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!! this wire is so bad and delicate will break as soon as you take it out of the package this is the first review i ever wrote in my life i just had to write this-- the product is so bad the company should b sued for making it. we wasted 2 days installing  100 ft wires 9 cameras . and now we have to take them out and get new one they dont work !!!!!::J. NOGUERA "JANL"::1.0::December 12, 2012
R32018K8WAR9T2::Concerns were not an issue::I purchased these in conjunction with a Swann DVR4-2550 4 Channel Digital Video Recorder with Smartphone Viewing (SWDVR-42550H) to add range to the cameras that were included in the unit. I was initially concerned with quality loss over such a long cable, but I tested it out in comparison with the included 65 foot cabling and noticed no difference. I even connected multiple lines together to extend the range and everything works just fine- even power.Pros-Inexpensive addition for a security camera system-Quality holds up over distanceCons-None, really. They even included couplers so male/female connections aren't an issue.::Ian Houser "ianhouser"::5.0::November 3, 2012
R384NRQ7J0VLDD::MUY BUENO::ME SIRVIO MUCHO PARA CONECTAR LAS CAMARAS DEL VIDEOVIGILANCIA EL PRECIO ES MUY BUENO OJALA HUBIERA COMPRADO MAS LO RECOMIENDO BASTANTE::LUIS YAMA::5.0::September 22, 2012
R1RAINYM1PWR64::not complete::If you want to use this as an extension to another cable, you will need to buy a female/female coupler .  I found out the hard way after buying 2 100' cables to run a long cable from an owl box camera into a school.  If you are plugging it into your primary camera and it is the only cable going to your viewing station, you're ok.  I don't know how well it works yet as the school has to run their part into the classroom.::retired ranger::4.0::September 16, 2012
R1CILI286MF5L::Far to delicate to use::I could not believe how thin this cable is.  It appears very delicate but it is even weaker that it looks.  Even the slights tug on the coax separates the connectors from the cable.  Don't plan on letting the cable support its own weight even for a few feet, because it can't.  It would have been less work to dump this one in the trash can before trying to use it.  Better still, don't order one.::Amazon Customer "WA6MUU"::1.0::September 2, 2012
R2FER0PVO1KTG0::Said what it did, did what it said, PLUS arrived early. Can't get any better than that. Will buy again.::Title says it all, great company, super service, on or before time. Damm space fillers so their happy. this 18, this 20, this is 21. Just print the post.::J. Clark "If you can't stand behind our troop...::5.0::July 27, 2012
R2V0WWY79ZLRW1::Cable did not work::To much interference with this cable. Had to use RG6 for the run of 90 feet. The 50 foot cables worked great.::Sam::1.0::May 31, 2012
R3O2PQAVKFD70R::the connectors are very cheap you have to ajust them::I am very pissed at this product, i made a hole in the wall the pass the cable to the outside, and plaster the hole shut, and installed the camera.. and to the DVR and it didn't work.  The Power installed the power supply directly to the camera and it did work.  Then got a stronger amp power supply and use the cable.  It didn't work.  decided to install the power supply directly to the camera again and NO VIDEO signal.. after moving the connector .. the video signal came thru..  so i had to duck tape some sticks to hold the connector still.  Remember that i couldn't pull out the cable because I already closed the hole on the wall and my wife was pissed at me for making a hole in our house.In conclusion is a very cheap cable. find another.::F. Francisco "bogatronics"::1.0::June 3, 2012
R3S6BY0IA7XRJ2::Very good product::If you need a longer camera line then you get that extra length and it works great with any BNC security camera.::Ray562::5.0::March 11, 2014
R1PNNBPNTR96BL::Video and Power Cable::This product was as described.  Includes BNC adapters so you don't have to worry about not having the right connections.  Make sure you have the correct power connector end at your power supply and camera.::AM "proud mama"::5.0::December 25, 2008
R32XCUTXSRA8DA::video cable works like a charm::Product was exactly as described. Works perfectly. Couldn't ask for better service or faster shipping. Will likely purchase more in the future::leno2002::5.0::January 2, 2008
R18ZVKQ05YYV1G::Perfect match for my camera...::I had no idea what cables to buy with the camera I purchased, but after adding it to my cart, the option to purchase the cable was offered. I was a bit reluctant, but purchased it anyway. I am pleased to say that the cable is excellent and comes with the required hardware needed to adapt to my camera and another cable. All in all a great product and would recommend it to anyone wanting a high-quality picture.::Frank Rice "Unclebens"::5.0::April 6, 2012
R10HU4YN2360PT::Super value for low-end applications::I used this cable to connect one of my (indoor) security cameras. The cable worked well and did the job. I would not recommend it if you are concerned about interference or if you were using it outdoors (you'll need something with more insulation), but for indoor use, it can't be beat.::Tech-Guru::5.0::August 3, 2011
R3THET163UV3J::Good cables::EDIT: SEE updated review below!These cables work well, however are not shielded and are subject to interference.  I am a ham radio guy and my 40w VHF transmitter causes interference on this cable.  I believe it's due to it not being shielded very well, if at all.  I have another CCTV camera that is not affected however has a much thicker shielded cable jacket.  The cable does work for what it is intended, however beware of interference.  The only time however is at night time when the IR is active. I get some lines of red/blue when the transmitter is active.  Otherwise the cable is good.::JTX::4.0::October 1, 2012
R1E9PGY0Q97LF3::Not for commercial use::You get what you pay.  Attempted to save $25 bucks by purchasing these cables through Amazon.  Perhaps for home use it might work. For commercial application the cables pick up too much noise and static compared to the cables I normally purchase.  This cable will not work well with the high quality cameras I installed.  This cable has both the video and power in just one cable compared to the one I normally use which has two cables side by side, one for video and one for power.  This cable is 1/3 the thickness of my other cables making it very fragile especially for long runs.  Had to replace them with the cables I normally purchased.  At least I was able to successfully use them to pull the good cable in to replace it so my efforts in pulling this cable above a dropped ceiling infested with itchy fiberglass was minimized.  I do not recommend this quality of product for professional installation.::Ed::1.0::September 3, 2012
R2CX0VLZLM8I7U::you get what you pay for::I bought two of these cables to add cameras to my new Swann security camera system. I chose these because they were cheaper than other brands and thought cables are cables.......wrong! While running the cables through the attic, one video connector broke off in my hand as i pulled the cable with no resistance.  The other cable, the video connector broke off while connecting to the dvr....WTF! Since I've purchased Q-see cables, installed with no problems.::GV::1.0::March 9, 2013
RO0W94A6O9UG2::Worked perfect::I ordered four of these cables and they worked perfectly.  Very nice to have the power and video cables all in one.  Made for a much neater and simpler installation of my security cameras.::Jack::5.0::January 11, 2012
R19HKQYQ8ODHMX::Video & Power Security Cables::This is exactly what I needed to finish installing my security cameras...the price was 50% lower than the local lowes store or from the Costco online store site...ordered a few extra 50ft cords and they were delivered within 3 days..video and power feed work fine...::Retired Tinsnips "uniontinknocker162"::5.0::July 17, 2011
R3IV860XHM94X9::1 Out of 2 Cables Were Bad::I ordered two of these 50ft power/video cables to hook up my cameras to my DVR with.  One worked, the other does not!  Returning tomorrow for a refund.  Everything else works fine so far!::JDinTX::3.0::June 7, 2011
RHZH9INZM97OI::Cable for camera::I bought this cable to go on a ganz camera. It was shipped fast, Packed well, and looked good. Went to install it on the camera and it seemed like the plugs went together sloppy. Just didn't seem to fit well. Picture quality not good at all. had to hold connections by hand to keep screen from flickering. I do not recommend.::mrcass1::2.0::August 17, 2012
R1FR8DC80G8POU::Interference::I bought two of these cables.  Unfortunately, both cameras I hooked them up to now have interference (horizontal lines) going through the screen.  The other cameras that I have the original BNC cables have no interference.  The cameras still work, but the interference lines are annoying and take away from the clarity of the picture.I will probably have to try a different brand of cable.::Tom Frank "boca-reef-guy"::2.0::July 13, 2012
R31WJOGRSJCB9S::Excellent product and transaction::Excellent vendor (have always dealt with them and have NEVER been disappointed!!) and quick transaction. This is not some cheap cord, this is a strong, durable product!! Highly recommend!!::Street Smart Inc. "Radio Man Indiana"::5.0::September 12, 2011
RX13C9PG5K479::Works but end are very fragile::After pulling the wires thru my ceiling and getting up in my attic(nasty blown in insulation) and running the wires where they needed to go, I found out the ends were not the same. Dumb...but learn from experience. I taped the wires to a string(not the ends) when I pulled them back out, taped up the ends so they wouldn't get caught. Maybe this is why the connectors are so sensitive. If I bump my dvr, I loose the picture. So I just wiggle them again to get picture back. I would recommed to the manufacturer to have a connector at each end that you can take the ends off when pulling wires. Then plug the different ends back in. I did order more from the same company...I will just try to be more careful this time...adding two more cameras.::Alan Fentem::3.0::May 30, 2014
R1ZAICISWV6G9P::The one thing that worked!::this is the only item that we purchased for the camera system we purchased that we don't have any problems with. :)::Highlands Falls Community Association, Inc.::5.0::May 15, 2014
R13BY4U5C5Z8JX::BNC Cable for security cameras::Price these in any brick and mortar and you will pay through the nose. These might be made in China, but they did the trick!::stephen packard::5.0::March 29, 2014
R2ZWQAH3SM8MFL::DOA::Out of the box, one end of the signal cable was bad.  I couldn't determine if it was the BNC connector or the wire adjacent to the connector but this video cable did not work at all.::John Peck::1.0::March 18, 2014
R29EX81ZWFL9VY::CCTV cable::Not so good for long distances ,loose the signal and get interferences.... If you need it for long distances above 50 feet use a better cable ticker and with better protection.::ALAN "Master"::3.0::March 5, 2014
RWPUG0Z8L70D0::GREAT WIRING FOR CLOSED CIRCUIT TV MONITORING SYSTEM!!!::I am quite late in providing a comment. Truth be told, I have bought (and used) a ton of this wiring over a several year period. It is easy to understand, and problem free to install. It is adequately constructed for my purposes, namely maintaining a closed circuit TV monitoring system for my home and property. I would recommend it to others without reservation. I would perhaps prefer that it not ever get tangled (reminiscent of backlashes you encounter with a bait cast reel when fishing), but hey, it is well worth the money, and to be fair, it doesnt get tangled all that frequently::Scorpio Sun 46::5.0::February 21, 2014
RMNLGVP6SKJ42::causes interference with my other Swann cameras attached to DVR::As title says, it causes interference with one of my Swann cameras when attached to the DVR, once I disconnect from DVR, its fine.  Don't know why.::Patrick de Vera::1.0::February 15, 2014
R2GSSRFQ0W5L0L::Works well::This is thin cable making it easy to hang with T-25 stables. Reduced one star because it is not rated for outdoors.::J. Hamilton "IT Pro"::4.0::January 28, 2014
R31PV82HF6MW4::Great cables!::Used these cables in addition to my security camera system. THEY ARE LONG. I may have over estimated the length, but if I get stranded on a remote island or lost in the jungle, I'm sure I can use this as cordage--or say a zombie apocalypse were to happen and I wasn't able to find any rope. I could braid these into cordage to do a number useful items like boobie traps to kill zombies or wrap myself in it to prevent zombie bites.::Eddie Phanichkul::4.0::January 26, 2014
R3S424JV1K1XPR::great signal and utility::the line is long enough to run between a few rooms and it will conduct both power and video.  The adapters for video are also very helpful.::Expecting What I Pay For::5.0::January 23, 2014
R24BNZFU7NST8F::Great cable::Not a lot to say about this product, it works very well with my camera and I dont have any complaints.::Austin N.::5.0::January 23, 2014
R1JAJ1L98KP870::Work great .::Ends fit nice and wire flex really nice ..Really good video with out cross sound  ... Will buy more later on..::Tom::5.0::January 22, 2014
R1RF8GNLY0569J::nice::i bought this because it came on combo along with the cctv cams and the extentions of it to guard my house::Robert Jose Garcia Guevara::5.0::January 10, 2014
R2TTHJ0TBOZ3LN::Very good for the price::The product comes as described, but make sure to buy the correct Female to Female or Male to Female connections that way you will avoid the trouble of connecting this 50 feet BNC RCA cable to another 50 feet BNC RCA cable. The picture does not go fuzzy, or blank in the winter. With the low temperatures I am still able to look at the camera and see my cars outside of the house.::Damian Marynski::5.0::December 19, 2013
R20SWZQAMG14JM::Nice cables::I had to install 2 safety cameras in our laser assembly rooms inside a class 100 clean room. I had to connect the cameras to a monitor on the outside of the clean room as a safety monitor in the event a technician was hurt and needed help. These cables are of good quality and was exactly what I needed to complete the installation. The connector are good and solidly attached and the cables have a power conductor as well as the video cable. All in all a nice dual cable for a neat and quick installation. I normally would make the cables myself but I could not duplicate the cable for the price and did not have the time to build them. I placed an order and 2 days later I had them in hand. Competed the installation ahead of schedule and everything work as planned. I highly recommend these cables.::bmelody::5.0::October 29, 2013
R32U17IJ6VFG7Q::Cable work fine but separation between video and power leads is limited::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXrefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso;	   


function cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.write("cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDX', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDX';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDX', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDX";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m94NRV1HDUVIS";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m94NRV1HDUVIS";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R32U17IJ6VFG7Q";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m94NRV1HDUVIS/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDX', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXnewHeight(h);

  cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXso.write("cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXRollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXRollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81xM7SZYYfS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXpreplayImageId');
if (cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXpreplay) {
  cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81xM7SZYYfS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81xM7SZYYfS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXcurrentClick) {
      return cv_mo2GDX6TXXUWLDXcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 0:22 MinsI found the design of this cable limits the distance between the video connector and the power connector.This of course is not a problem at the camera end, but was limiting at the video recorder end.Please see attached video.::G. R. Ewing Jr.::3.0::October 29, 2013
R1PLPIL3NHDCU8::Why try to make your own?::Sure glad I don't have to try and make these any more. what a waste of time. both the 50ft. and the 150 footers are both cheeper to buy than to make myself. many thanks.....George::George Larsen::5.0::October 14, 2013
R22OKA7MGNLD3C::works like it should. came fast enough.::IT WORKS. it does what its supposed to do. im trying to write enough words for this review to post. a big pain in the a..  other than this post being a pain all was great!!::innerphreak::5.0::October 3, 2013
R17OZ3F2M94Q41::Good cables::These cables have held up very well so far in the heat of summer. We will se what happens when the ice forms. So far I am happy.::Richard G. Evansii "Onlybygrace1"::4.0::September 21, 2013
R2ERAGY9U54NPG::Nice::Nice BNC cable i use for security cameras. No quality degradation and worked perfect on 3 different cameras. Didn't feel as if it would split or break when pulled on. I would purchase this again.::Justin Quigley "Justin Quigley"::5.0::September 15, 2013
R2NXOHNE421TP0::Great!::Just an extension cable with the adapters. I dont know if these are "qualified" for outdoors so I installed it using a protection cover.::Leonel Romero::5.0::September 10, 2013
R1G8Z7E9XHGK23::Well made::This is a very well made cable for your video surveillance cameras. It is very small in diameter and quite flexible. You will be satisfied with this product..::BigJohn "Big John"::5.0::August 24, 2013
R389U5DLVLUA4G::Excellent Quality::I recommend this product to anyone that has a need for a short cable. Excellent quality and very dependable manufacturer. I am very satisfied.::Shuie::5.0::August 23, 2013
RI09ZKAPN1WLY::Stagger the Plugs!::These are easy to plug in and seem to be good quality.However, Dear Manufacturer, please stagger the plug lengths so that the power plug is not right beside the video plug. For example, on one end of the wire make the power wire about four inches longer and on the other end make the video wire longer. This way cables can be joined without forming a huge ball that cant pass through conducts.When joining two cables I had to cross and tape the plugs and still struggled to pass them through  in. conduct with curves.I also think it would be nice if they came with a female-to-female coupler instead of or as well as the RCA adapter.::Hicoteo::4.0::August 22, 2013
R560P6K511ABI::nice::Cord maintains good signal for both video and sound.  It is so much easier handling a 50 foot cord. I'm planning on buying two more to replace my other 100' cords.::reeverdawg::4.0::August 18, 2013
R38GGJCX78I4IQ::Low quality::There was quite a bit of signal degradation after 50 ft of this stuff.  Cured the problem by switching to a high quality coax::Alan::1.0::August 12, 2013
R38WWXM4ZR9R15::VideoSecu Video & Power 50 feet BNC RCA Cable::Works as advertised. Arrived on time. Hooked up fine. I don't know what else to write, only 3 more words to go.::D. Anderson::5.0::August 12, 2013
R1XVNWJ5IBS4E3::Just what I needed::Had everything I needed. Just ran the wires to the camera and it did the job. Not much more I think needs to be said.::gduncan229::5.0::August 6, 2013
R14E1O6B3Y28KM::Power cable and supply::Part of a set to power a remote camera and provide a Video input to a VCR.  Nicely built with good quality components.::Donald K. Landstrom "Portland2"::4.0::August 2, 2013
RD2653YPLQEGT::Works good::This VideoSecu Video & Power 50 Feet BNC RCA Cable for Security Cameras works as expected.  I purchased several and I am satisfied.::Ruso Minnifield "PrinceHappy2"::5.0::July 26, 2013
R2B27PYMWD4HNY::Good/cheap cable::Decent cable for wiring. I used it on my home CCTV home system and it did the job just as good as the more expensive wire. Just note it is not as thick of cable so be cautious when wiring to not hang it up and tug too hard. It could rip the copper wire inside. It did not happen to me but should be noted.::Cory::4.0::July 23, 2013
R2IUJKHNDN4E3G::Did the trick::I added these cables (using a Female to Female BNC Coupler) to a 60 foot cable on my Lorex DVR surveillance system.  There is no visible degradation in video quality and although I didn't measure before and after current draw, the dc power transformer doesn't seem to get warm to the touch (running 4 cameras).::R. Escalante::5.0::July 23, 2013
R2X3OPLASSM56T::These are great for the price::These cables are as good as any I have used, and they are far less expensive as those I buy locally. So I paid half the cost for an equally good cable.::Mike Martin::4.0::July 22, 2013
R1CJ3WD3AM27ZP::Great ready to use cable.::Its very easy to use this cable with no hassle hook up to your camera's.One end fits the camera and the other end hooks up to your DVR.::Ray562::5.0::July 12, 2013
R1ZTEQNS0I30A2::Great cables::These cables work great, I got two of them to extend the 60ft cables that came with my Zmodo camera system. The 4-camera power splitter still works even at 110ft of cable and the signal is still good.::Nathan Johnson::5.0::July 12, 2013
RARYJTW4TT1IK::Connecting cord::50 feet for my application was enough it should really be supplied with 100 feet of connecting cord so that it will be sufficient for any connection around the house, it had 2 adapters for tv connection which were included in the price,in short easy to connect andset up::Victor V.::4.0::June 9, 2013
R3NI0EPEO66K14::Good quality::You can tell these cables are made better than some of the others. The adapters are a nice bonus. I will buy these again if I need more.::Rick::5.0::May 30, 2013
R2XU0AGJG89DW1::Good cable::Added a couple cameras to our system and needed some cables, great cables. Good value, great cables...worked as needed...thank you::Robert payne::5.0::May 28, 2013
R2DNZKNKBNZ8KI::VideoSecu Video & Power 50 Feet BNC RCA Cable for Security Cameras 1JD::The reason I am give this cable only three stars is the BNC to RCA adapters will not fit to the cable BNC.  The adapter will not go in far enough to get a twist lock.  I know I can do some filing to get it to fit but .........  Other than that , I am happy with my purchase.::walter loggins::3.0::May 20, 2013
R20FB165L6DDFW::Poor connections::Used this to run from the front of an RV to the back for installation of a backup camera.  It all works fine but the BNC to RCA connectors are not tight and I am worried they are going to fall out through vibrations of driving down the road.  Also you need to be prepared to purchase additional adapters depending on the male vs female type of RCA connector you are going to and coming from.::jrich67::3.0::May 20, 2013
R1YOZGP2XEGE82::Dont buy these as extensions.::I bought these cables to be used as extensions but I did not pay attention to picture. It has two female bnc connectors. It needs a male and female end to be used as an extension otherwise you have to use a coupler.::Satisfied::2.0::May 17, 2013
R3KU13R8JOFMS2::Just what I wanted::I need to extend my CCTV cameras and this item worked great.  This cable was better quality than the one that came with the Zmodo camera system.::Monte Wells::5.0::May 15, 2013
R3B9ZCMXGK8AG9::Ideal::Good length, with strong connection adapters and plugs. Check out the 100 ft length as well. Installed outdoors, and so far it seems quite water proof.::Wesley Sladek::4.0::May 6, 2013
R20WEK7OH4H1XU::Perfect cable,easy to install !::This cable was perfect for my use. It was easy to run and install.I will use again if needed.::Craig Collins::5.0::April 19, 2013
R2CYDQY18ECDHF::The price is right, but...::These are fine for some things and mostly for "do it yourself" installs. These come in various lengths, but they all seem about the same in terms of picture quality - which is, "OK" but not great. Better wire will get better results, but cost more too.::Woodlandsman "Woodlandsman"::3.0::March 29, 2013
RDEJ2EQEE8N3T::Good cable::I'm using these with ASIN: B000TBG8BU (which require a separate power supply) and they work great. There is a small delay in the video picture, I assume because the cable is so long, it's maybe a second or two at most.::Anonymous "tapeworm"::5.0::March 23, 2013
R1LILX83DQ859H::Video Cord::The ends were not the right size so my brother put some on for me. There was certainly plenty of it.::Virginia Hill::3.0::February 23, 2013
R1A9SMHF1VWNLC::BNC and RCA connectors are good---wiring gauge too small and fragile.::Wiring is too small of a gauge and is very hard to work with and easily damaged during installation, so I suggest that you buy extra sets.::bikeryakman::3.0::February 22, 2013
RD7QFU9XHK98::works perfect::works perfect for my needs, you will have to but the BNC adaptors if this is to be added to an existing video cable.Would buy again.::A Slate "Slate Construction"::5.0::February 19, 2013
R379EF98TUCNCF::Camera 50' wire::Although the wire is a little smaller than the original wire supplied with the camera, it does the job OK::MGS::4.0::February 19, 2013
R28VEX57JHZ1C3::Its wire  and it work well::Its wire  and it work well .....Its wire  and it work well ......Its wire  and it work well ..... Its wire  and it work well::Fernando::4.0::February 15, 2013
R3MKV6PFU27RUS::It is what it is...::Not much to say about something as simple as this.It reaches where I need it to; it works as it should.::John Chalinder "Gentleman & Rogue"::5.0::February 11, 2013
R960TGZDY56H5::works great::works great thanks ran the cord all arounf the out side of my home and so far no problem well made for the price::Robert Pritchard::5.0::February 5, 2013
R2UH298VOFV4E5::It is what it is.::It is what it is. Dose the job with very thin wire. I see no difference with this and the heaver wires on my security system.::John A. Davis::4.0::February 4, 2013
RNNKF8L0EPUF9::Great Price!::Has all the hook ups required to connect a camera. Was a little slow at showing up but will buy again when expanding my camera system.::Mallyn::5.0::February 1, 2013
R1SNPP36C2VPC4::Great to have these items available...::This item was purchased as an accessory because the original cable was pulled too hard and the connectors were pulled off. Item was exactly what i was looking for to replace the broken cable. Fits perfect....::C.C.::5.0::January 31, 2013
R1CU6ZDWHNGGO7::Great for Short Distances::Had ordered 3 of the 100 ft cables and I realized after installing the cameras I had one that was close to the DVR so I ordered  this shorter cable to finish up the camera closest to the DVR...comes with connections needed so there is no hassle installing....GREAT DEAL too......can't beat Amazon...::AMD::5.0::January 29, 2013
R1DDNL08NGDR8O::They work like they should::I don't know how you can say a lot about cables, just that they are made well and look like they will last awhile... oh, and they work.::Glenn A. Jakubowski::5.0::January 24, 2013
RZ50JRT9K556D::cables::i returned the security system to amazon that i was going to use these on but i decided to keep them for the future::longknife11::5.0::January 23, 2013
R1OA310HLPIIBS::BNC cable extension::I would like to have had a male BNC connector on one end and a female BNC connector on the other.::paul higa::4.0::January 22, 2013
R23SPV9Z55PNA3::This cord works!::One of my cords got nicked in the factory and broke.  It would have cost 4-5 times more from Lorex Technology.  It's a little bit shorter where it attackes in the back, but it does the job.::Puna::4.0::January 19, 2013
RJLZYZO83XPKF::How i expected !!::It is a good product that I've used before, so I buy it again.I believe that I can recommend.::GUILLERMO ROSARIO::5.0::January 18, 2013
R1ZIBPSEC4VUQI::Great product::I like these cords better than the originals that came with my system.  They are flexible and didn't become rock hard in the cold while installing.::Tayls "Tayls"::5.0::January 14, 2013
R1KT5JGHLRFGQV::Good product/good price::Good product so far. As advertised, however the only negative it did no come with connectors. I was extending the wire, as a result had to drive 50 miles round trip to Radio Shack, and a major inconvenience. Does not take away from product but if not included, it should have been noted and suggested as an add on item.::Bud::4.0::January 12, 2013
R1NQGF5P52DBGA::is what it is::The cables are good for low quality cctv systems.  If you are looking to cable up cameras over 420 tvl, I'd recommend RG6 coax or Cat6 with Baluns::Aaron L. Dunphy::5.0::January 7, 2013
R1WUPESTSD4RBA::Great Cables::What can I say, It's a Cable, It has a Duel roll, It Powers a Camera ( SECURITY ) and has Both RCA & BNC Leads plus adapters for both, if needed. I'd rate the cable as Lite to Medium Weight, So be careful to Add support on those long runs.One suggestion, Run these cables threw Conduit piping for outside use, It'll keep those Birds & other wildlife from chewing them up!..::A. J. Richter "Seeker's Quest"::5.0::January 5, 2013
R3I3IY1ZPAYEQ3::Good connection.::I order for camera and VCR works, need connection between them. Get good connection and it's work. Good price too.::Grace W::5.0::December 26, 2012
R1VX0KHOFDBAED::Works very well.::I bought this cable for connecting my new cctv camera and a tv monitor. It's simple and easy to connect and long enough to set your cctv if you have a restaurant or coffeeshop.::David Kang::5.0::December 13, 2012
RHFKROIEM7VQA::Does the job...::I needed this to run an additional camera to an exterior location.  It does the job and the video quality is good.  It seems to be well made...::James Southard "JoeCop"::5.0::December 11, 2012
R2971KV4UTO9Y2::good::they worked for my camera.... just make sure u check your camera to see if you also need the audio jack as well...my mistake please learn from it::Bob "Bob."::5.0::December 2, 2012
R1X3RXCMSSFPQ3::Just the ticket::This is a good product, works well and is nicely constructed I have also a one hundred foot long and a One hundred fifty foot length ones also excellent.::DodgeD::5.0::November 29, 2012
RAYQM2PD0MDEZ::really good cable::The cable had less line loss than I expected.  The picture was still very clear.  Now I own three of these cables.::Allen-the-not-so-wise::5.0::November 27, 2012
R3E14GCX79C817::Must Have For Security Systems::Best price for the product.  Works great and makes camera installation very easy.  Allows you to put camera anywhere you want.::nightowl::5.0::November 24, 2012
R2UE1CDA2M5WG0::very light::this cord will work but allows a lot of interference  and is not very ruged . would purchase the heaver cord next time.::john deer "john"::2.0::November 15, 2012
R1O6UETWZ5GGQD::videosecu video & power  50 feet rca cable::videosecu video & power 50 feet rca cable was nice combination of wireing for the survailence camers but it would have been to had the audio cable included. I had to buy the audio cable later and run it along side the videosecu video & power 50 feet rca cable::wildroses::5.0::June 28, 2012
R29DNLPC70JVYJ::Video and Power 50 feet BNC RCA Cable for Security Cameras::The cable was a good quality product and allowed me to connect my security camera to it. I would order this product again.::Lin Hammond::5.0::May 17, 2012
R1ADPYLUSHCN2K::Works fine::I put this on a camera I bought and it is working as should, the view of thefront of the house and drive is super good in daytime, and it is real good at night to.::DANAL::5.0::April 2, 2012
R2A2HG8EJ17QZZ::Great price, standard quality::The seller shipped it very fast. Cable is quite flexible, works well as delivered & the small diameter makes installation easier.this item is adequate for the normal homeowner DVR/camera setup, plus - it's CHEAP at less than $10.These inexpensive made in China cables all seem to use one insulated VIDEO wire, one insulated POWER wire & a SHARED bare ground wire wrappedaround the two positive wires. The insulated wires are tiny, looks to be size 22AWG (same deal for the less expensive camera's)I cut open the cable from a dead $179.00 Sw??n camera, it's the same.*IMHO of course............::Gold 2008::5.0::October 30, 2011
R1CQAW7YEBSF4K::Inexpensive Cable / Works Well::Cable is inexpensive and quality is good.  I have 4 of these cables 1x 100' and 3x 50' all of them work well.  Cable set includes BNC to RCA adaptors so you can use this with pretty much any device.  A 3/4" hole is perfect for getting the connectors and a cable fish pole through walls.::Dominic A. Pizza::5.0::June 25, 2011
R3E09OMXM9B88H::Great Extender Cable,..for a Great Price!!::Works Great with the CCTV Camera I baught,...gets the job done!,...and come's w/ RCA Adapters for hooking up to Composit Video Input,..or w/o the adpter for Standard Security DVR Connections.Good Deal!::BKWeber::5.0::June 7, 2011
R20OB6ZAMH27N9::misspenny::sorry but l really didn't need it so l didn't use. so l still have the product maybe my grandson could use.::miss roxie::5.0::July 2, 2012
RX7RSXZWW2TLO::Not very high quality::I had to hard wire the power part of this cable to my spot monitor, as it came with leads only -- no plug. So I cut off the plug from the cable and stripped down the wires. I was surprised that the neutral wire had no sheathing inside the main covering. Most Siamese wiring I've worked with, both bulk and pre-cut, the inner power wires are both covered with their own insulation. On this one it's just the hot lead. The neutral is bare wire. Also, I had a heck of a time with the BNC connection to my DVR. I think the plug may have had a slight flaw in it's manufacturing, which made it nearly impossible to attach. I finally accomplished it with the help of some pliers. Once attached, the video signal is good, though, so it's functionally fine. I never had either of these problems with the Swann cables I've purchased in the past. Next time I'll go back to Swann.::Webfan::3.0::January 2, 2011
R1BK475X0L2AKG::Wiring Kit::Returned this item because I didn't need it. Wiring a home for video surveillance was much more difficult than I anticipated.::Michael Breier::1.0::February 9, 2013
R3MTRWKXH4ULRR::Might have just saved our lives::I bought two of these after another cheaper carbon monoxide detector had alarmed in the middle of the night.  I had read some reviews of the other carbon monoxide detector having false alarms and convinced myself it was probably a false alarm but I opened windows to air out the house.I got these two days ago and they alarmed the first night.  I opened the windows and deduced that it was probably my tankless water heater which was recently installed and failed inspection. It is scheduled to be brought up to code this week.To prove my theory I made sure the central heat was off for a day and we hadn't used the clothes dryer for a few days and I put one of these detectors in the laundry room where the tankless water heater is installed.  We have one of those large jacuzzi style baths in the master bathroom (hence the need to have the tankless) and we took a bath last night.  When we were done the alarm was going off.  I had done some minimal research before doing this test and knew that too high of a level (12,800 ppm) can kill you instantly after just 2 or 3 breaths.  I had read that 400+ can be lethal.  Wikipedia states 800 ppm will cause dizziness, nausea, and convulsions within 45 min and you will be insensible within 2 hours and 1600 ppm can kill you in 2 hours.  So I went downstairs to see what the reading was.I held my breath and went in.  875ppm is what it read.  I called 911 and the firemen came.My wife, 2 year old, and 2 month old were upstairs and in a room with the windows wide open.  They came in and took their readings.  They said they are not allowed to work in an environment where the levels are above 30 ppm without respirators.  The windows had been open for 15 minutes and they were still getting readings over 70.Later, we compared what their professional monitor said to what the my 2nd First Alert Carbon monoxide detector was reading (remember I bought two of these).  Their reading matched exactly what this unit displayed.  So you can trust these devices.Please trust your device.  Thats what you bought it for.  Call 911.  Open windows or get out of there.  The long term affects of Carbon Monoxide exposure can cause heart problems, learning disabilities, and many other terrible things.  I am now worried about what this has been doing to my family over the last 4 months since the water heater was installed.  Like I said I have a 2 month old....I have posted a picture of the unit reading the max value from last night.::Michael Clabough "M. Clabough"::5.0::January 16, 2011
R3ABCFNR7NPP9M::Seems OK, but have several concerns...  UPDATED::Another update.See recent reviews by others (especially Robert Oppenheim) as well... We just got two of the redesigned ones and indeed they have dropped the remote control feature (good thing) and that would make them deserving of 4 stars, however, they also changed the Peak Level recording, automatically deleting it every 24 hours--that's a bad thing for several reasons and leaves my rating at 3 stars:1)  The peak level resetting should be under user control.2) One wants to know if, say, during the past week, there was an excessively high reading.  Given how it now works, you cannot find that out!A 24-hour automatic clearing of a bad reading hides potentially dangerous, even lethal situations.  (Unless one becomes obsessive about checking this every day!)  In this day and age, they really should have a small memory and track days and peak levels!Here are some other updates--and First Alert deserves credit for listening to some of the critiques.1) The manual, well it is really a pamphlet, is more readable now.2) The warranty has been upped to 7 years.3)  They greatly improved the packaging.Alas, the way the unit is designed means it still wobbles on a nightstand or bureau; the battery cover still doesn't work very well; the CO level still shows up only if one presses the button (and that's a tricky press); the battery symbol still suggests that one is on battery power--they really need a dual indicator for that.  In fact, it would be better if you had to press to get the battery level, but that the current CO level would always be displayed.  (It's now the reverse.)Unfortunately, there's another problem.  The darn thing glows in the dark and lights up an entire room.  It makes it nearly impossible to keep it in a bedroom.  We miss the comfortable soft red light 0 of our old Kidde model immensely (but their newer ones seem to have BRIGHT RED lights now).I would have been happy to give this 4 stars, especially given the various improvements, had they not adopted the 24-hour peak level reset.  Oh, well.--------------------------------------------------------------------------PRIOR REVIEW:I have updated my rating and review to include CONSUMER REPORTS' FINDINGS.  It was top rated by them.  That initially improved my rating, upping it to four stars.  Well, we're now DROPPING it back down one.  We discovered that the remote control "feature" (which we had viewed as a gimmick in any case) is not one!  Turns out, that if we press the Mute button on our remotes (just press, not even holding them down), the darn CO alarm goes off!  The remote test operation is only supposed to happen if you hold down the volume or channel button for FIVE seconds.--------------------------------------------------------------------------We bought this to supplement our Kidde Nighthawk CO detectors, the 900-0234 curved model with a 7-year warranty (we didn't want to put all our eggs in one basket!).  The First Alert looks to be a fine CO detector.Here are some positives:1)  It has the plug on a wire, so that you can put the detector somewhere other than right in the outlet.  That's helpful as outlets can have other adapters in them making it hard to plug it in or be behind something rendering the CO detection harder.2)  It can be tested or silenced with a remote (hold down the volume or channel button for 5 seconds) (our Tivo remote worked!).  (Some of their other products with the remote features have received critical reviews as regular remote operation has set them off!)3)  Operates on AC with a battery backup (2 AAs)4)  Batteries ARE included!!5)  A biggie!  Consumer Reports rated this much higher than the Kidde brands.  It's better at detecting low levels of CO.Here are several negatives:1)  5-year warranty unlike the Kidde's 7-year.  [This has apparently been upped to 7 now, but check with the company.)2)  A "manual" that's a huge, cumbersome, folded sheet, with small print that's blurry and hard to read.  They should supply a magnifying glass with it!  This is a major concern as one needs to refer to the text for installation, for operation, to determine what to do under certain conditions, etc.  [This also supposedly has been improved.]3)  Yes, one can park the detector on a bookshelf (with the cord going to the outlet), but the detector itself wobbles!  The previous Kidde CO detector Nighthawk model--the COPP-3 -- has the plug on a cord feature, along with a nifty slide out stand that makes it stable.  (We had good luck with that model, but many did not.  Plus, it's an older model, with only a 5-year warranty which is why we went for the 900-0234).4)  The CO level only shows up if one presses a button.  It's a cool blue light, but unlike the Nighthawk's red LED that shows you the current CO level at all times (a reassuring 0), this displays a blank screen with a recessed green light.  For some, it could be a plus as it would be less intrusive especially as the Kidde's red LED seems to be much brighter on their latest model.5)  The detector displays a battery icon when it's plugged into AC and the battery is installed!  That's unnerving as it makes it look as if it's running on the battery!  Very odd design choice, as in most of the electronic world, that's an indication that you are running on battery power and no longer on AC (take any laptop, e.g.).6)  The test alarm didn't seem as loud as the Kidde's.7)  Battery cover is the front of the device, which the manual didn't explain or illustrate, and it doesn't shut well--or rather, it's awkward and you feel as if you're about to break the lightweight plastic parts.8)  One other issue, which plagues all the CO detectors and many other products on the market, is the infuriating, hard plastic packaging.  It's hard to open and I even cut myself on it.  There are alternatives that are just as secure but much friendlier to the environment and the customer!In comparing the two (Kidde Nighthawk 900-0234 and the First Alert CO615), the advantage on first glance clearly goes to the Kidde.  It just seems a more professional, better designed, and better thought out product.  Part of that is because we're used to the Kidde design and like the red LED, but it also seems more solid (the First Alert has the seemingly fragile/flimsy cover), and has a higher quality, usable manual--it's a real booklet that's more readable and better organized (it also has a bigger font than FA's, but still could be larger).UPDATE--OTOH, I'm a believer in most of what CR does--and the testing on these--and the user reports here and on the web--suggest that it is the better detector.  And, after all, that's what one buys these things for!  However, we're not going to be able to use this in our bedroom as the Mute button sets off the alarm!::Pierre Franois Andr Mchain "Pete"::3.0::June 1, 2009
R1KNJED89FAW0K::Well thought out design, but nothing special.::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302embeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302refresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302chiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302hiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302refresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so;	   


function cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302AMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.write("cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302flashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m1QNTF1S0QZA5I";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m1QNTF1S0QZA5I";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R1KNJED89FAW0K";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m1QNTF1S0QZA5I/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302duration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302duration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302newHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302', 0, h);
}

function cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302resetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302newHeight(h);

  cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302so.write("cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302flashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302RollOverImg = new Image();
cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302RollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81sjsWm7tSS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302preplay = document.getElementById('cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302preplayImageId');
if (cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302preplay) {
  cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302preplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81sjsWm7tSS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302preplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81sjsWm7tSS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302preplay.parentNode;

  var cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302currentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302currentClick) {
      return cv_moDQHJ8YD8P302currentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 2:44 MinsA short video to show the detector in use.  I don't subject it to any test fumes in this video.::S. Power::5.0::May 3, 2011
R2RZII28BOJK76::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Alarm::I ordered and received this item timely from Amazon.  The product was well packaged and the directions for use were easy to follow.  The product is nicely constructed, easy to use, and seems to work well.  I like the fact I can push one of the buttons located on the front of the unit to see if the unit has picked up any CO levels from the area it is located. It is designed to plug into a wall electrical outlet and also has a battery backup. The unit is small and appears out of the way when it is plugged in and being used.  So far, the two units I bought are working well so I give this product a rating of 5 stars.Update: Jan. 14, 2011 - I have now owned two of these devices for over two years and each one is still working just fine. I have had to replace the back up battery on each just once a year, which is fairly standard, so the devices seem to be well built and last.::G. Ewing::5.0::December 30, 2008
R2QG95ACESB4TU::TC's First Alert C0615::A previous reviewer stated problems with the back-up battery cover First Alert  CO615 Carbon Monoxide Detector.It is flimsey and does not close easily once the battery is installed - it took me 3 or 4 trys to get a positive lock on the cover without breaking off the plastic latch protruding from the back of the cover.Other than the battery cover, happy with the product to date.  NO false signals, no problems with the back-up battery after a month. Purchased at Amazon.com::T.C.::4.0::November 27, 2009
R1SIM01T5XW1XX::Great feature - battery backup::I bought this to replace my older detector. We lost power for 4 days and that's when I realized that without battery backup my carbon monoxide detector was useless.  I needed it because we were using a kerosene heater for some heat and we got a bit ill from it. So next time we lose power and have to use emergency heaters at least we will know if the carbon monoxide levels become unsafe.::CastletonTrader "Mom"::5.0::January 17, 2009
R15HLNQ4FGMXDT::Peace of Mind::I've owned this product for 3 years.  Simply plug it into the wall, the unit comes with a battery for battery back up.  It is very small and unobtrusive compared to my previous kidde unit and doesnt take up both outlets - nice design.There have been several reports of people getting sick or dieing from carbon monoxide poisoning - this is a small price to pay for a life safety device.It has a digital readout.  This is a nice feature - if you had a problem and called the fire department they would be able to read the display to determine what level of Carbon Monoxide poisioning there way.::Rudy1150::5.0::February 9, 2009
R1PWTII64CYOLV::Peace of mind for you and your family.::Here are my first impressions and what I liked about the First Alert C0615 device:1) This unit comes with two Energizer E91 batteries.  Yes, batteries are included with this product).  After inserting the batteries and plugging this into the wall outlet in the bedroom, I saw a battery meter flash.  It showed the battery had full power.2) The battery door is on the front of the unit.  I like this design because you can have access to the battery compartment while leaving the unit plugged into wall.  Also, I was able to open the battery door easily with one finger.3) I like the display button.  When pressed, the unit will show you the highest carbon monoxide level recorded.  This is something I plan to monitor often.4) Green light vs Red light.  When I plugged it in, the light is green.  Should the device ever detect unsafe levels of CO, the light will turn red and the audible alarm will go off.  While I hope to never see the red light, it is reassuring to see the green light and know the room is safe.What you might like to know about this product:1) I recommend that you open the packaging from the bottom.  I could not separate the plastic packaging at the top.  However, it easily opened at the bottom, and continued to open all the way along the sides - up to the top, where I could no longer separate the plastic seal.2) All CO monitors that I've researched intentionally stop functioning after 5-7 years (for your safety).  This is due to the life of the CO sensors.  I've owned KIDDE brand and now this First Alert brand, and they all expire.  Replacing these devices after 7 years is piece of mind to ensure you always have a functioning CO sensor that will accurately detect carbon monixide.3) This unit should be replaced 7 years from the month/year you first installed it. (see the bottom of page six in the owners manual for more information about this).4) This particular brand/model is currently ranked #1 by a leading consumermagazine.For best results:1) Use only Energizer E91 batteries and replace them immediately when the unit tells you to.  Never use rechargeable batteries with this device.2) Install the device away from windows or fans. (Blowing air may prevent CO from reaching the sensors).3) Install the device 10 feet away from a water source (bathroom or laundry room).4) The device is intended for bedroom and living areas.  Do not install this in the kitchen area or in the garage.::Mister Amazon::5.0::November 3, 2011
RXYFE8W01ZO65::Works great. No false alarms.  Get FRESHLY dated!::I think the First Alert Co615 carbon monoxide alarm is an excellent product.  I would have given it 5 stars instead of 4, except for the fresh-dating issue.I bought two of these carbon monoxide detectors from Amazon two years ago, in April, 2010.  I like the following features:- It is powered by plugging it in, with a battery backup.  So, it does not use the batteries much, but it will still operate if there is a power failure.  And the batteries are two AA's, so they are not expensive.- No false alarms.  I don't want to lose a night's sleep for no reason!- The batteries are not depleted as long as the unit has AC power.  In two years, there is no noticeable drop in battery voltage.  Therefore, I am not awakened by low-battery warnings, like the purchasers of some other brands.- Digital readout.  You can press the button and see the reading at any time.  Mine have always been zero; if I saw anything else, I would look for furnace, water heater, stove, or other appliance malfunctions.  Some people have complained that it does not display the reading constantly, without pressing a button; I suspect this would drain the batteries more quickly in case of a power outage.- Detachable plug with extension cord.  You can plug in the unit at ground level and install it much higher, so you can read it easily, and also have the unit sense readings higher off the ground.  (Carbon monoxide is just slightly lighter than air.)I decided to purchase a third detector from Amazon.  But when I put in the search criteria "Co615" with an "All Departments" search, a little note was displayed with a date of "May 2, 2007".  I e-mailed Amazon customer service to find out if this was the date of manufacture, and they confirmed it was.  This date is unacceptable.  The detectors have chemical components that deteriorate over time, even if the unit is not turned on, and this date is FIVE YEARS AGO.  I decided to purchase my third unit from First Alert directly in order to get a fresher unit.  If I had received an older unit, it still would have been warranted by First Alert for seven years from date of purchase.  However, I did not want to buy an item that had an increased chance of failing prematurely.I think both First Alert and Amazon can do better on the fresh-dating issue.  First Alert should put the date of manufacture where it can be seen without opening the package.  Right now, it is only on the unit, and you have to open the package and remove the plug to see it.Amazon only displays the mysterious date (which happens to be the manufacture date) on the "All Departments" search result screen. It does not appear in the detailed description of the item.  It also does not appear if you search within a particular department, like "Tools and Home Improvement".  This date is important, and it should not appear only intermittently and without explanation.::Nancy T::4.0::March 7, 2012
RMTSUKF4JU26T::Very high quality for a Carbon Monoxide Alarm!::People most likely wonder why shop around for some fancy monitor? Well first of all it could save your life in the event of a leak.  This monitor goes over the expectations, it has a constant read out of current levels, which for some reason were somewhat high at house which was the normal, turns out we had a slight leak in our basement (Nothing to serious) but enough that the sensor picked it up, We're grateful that it picked up the slight amount because now we feel much safer knowing that something that went undetected with our previous monitor was picked up by this one.  It works great and is worth the up front cost, You can't put a price on your life, You can however protect it.  A true great product.::ATierney::5.0::July 2, 2011
R3SBGMOVV5EA38::lots of small instructions, not much good information::After looking at consumer reports, etc., I felt as if this would be a good choice; On arrival, the one sheet information page, which was written in very very small print and could have been on 6 pages (yes it had that much typing on it!)never did tell how to tell if it is working ok, except to say a green light would be on once you plugged it in....did not explain easily how to test it or what readings you should expect when you did finally try to test it. Finally, it was heavy and would not stay in many of the outlets, would fall out....home is 26 years old, maybe the outlets need to be replaced. I chose it for the battery back up availability, perhaps a battery only unit would have been lighter. Anyway it is plugged in, I can see a green glow at night (must be working)..not sure I would buy it again. I am surprised consumer reports rated it so high...perhaps it works great as to sounding off at the least amount of carbon monoxide; If I am lucky, I will never hear that.::Grampie to 3 "Jim"::3.0::December 23, 2009
R2JJB7MWZ7GL8J::Non Functional Out of the Box::Ordered this because of the ratings on Amazon and Consumer Reports to replace a Kidde Nighthawk 2000 that when tested still seems to work.  The First Alert CO615 was non functional out of the box, the Test/Silence button did not work.  Cheap construction.  Returning this and looking for something better.::Jessssssss::1.0::October 25, 2010
R138EQDJC3PH4U::Works well; cover broke::Almost as soon as I'd opened this, the cover broke, and doesn't close anymore.  The detector is working, but the door isn't the best quality.  That's my only hesitation.  I bought this because it was highly rated by a well-known consumer review.::D. Newman::3.0::December 21, 2009
R1X669A34SQ9LA::Didn't work out of the box; horrible ergonomics; cheap design::After receiving this unit, I followed the instructions and installed the batteries, plugged it in to the wall, verified that the "receiving power" light was lit, and pressed and held the Test/Silence button.  After holding it for a minute with no sound being emitted, I tried again for a minute.  No dice.Normally I'd request a replacement be sent instead, but for several reasons I decided to opt for a refund instead:- I scratched two fingers on an extremely sharp corner at the top of the battery cover as I uninstalled the batteries in preparation for the return.  Ouch!- Removing the batteries was a pain: I had to use a pen to do it.- The battery cover itself appeared quite fragile: I thought I was going to break it when I attempted to close it and it wouldn't budge without what felt like enough pressure to snap the thing.- The battery cover design (where it is the entire front of the unit) is just plain lame.- The buttons are remarkably cheap - they're at the end of thin plastic posts and swivel from the side.  How hard is it to create a decent button, people?- The "receiving power" light is buried deep inside the unit, so it's not clearly visible from a distance during the daytime.So, since my overall feel for this product was "extremely cheap and poorly designed", and since my unit didn't even work out of the box, I just couldn't be inspired to entrust my life to a replacement.Not sure what I'll buy instead, since for some reason this is the highest-rated CO detector on Amazon; go figure ...::Aaron Cohen::1.0::January 5, 2011
R1J3WFX5KNV3NU::Digital display misleading::I purchased this particular alarm because it appeared that with the digital display it would give readings of actual carbon monoxide levels. The product information supplied is very unclear about how the display functions, but it does indicate that the device is not meant to measure CO amounts at or below 30 ppm. It is not clear what minimum level of CO it can detect except that it should alarm at 70 ppm if it is exposed for somewhere between 60 and 240 minutes. You can push a button to have it show the maximum amount of CO detected in the current preset 24 hour period (though it is unclear when the 24 hour periods begin and end). Mine has never displayed more than 0 when I tested for that, which I guess means it hasn't reached the minimum detectable amount (not that there has been no CO present). Whether that minimum is 70 ppm, I am not sure. Although it is a plug-in alarm, it must have the batteries inserted or it will beep incessantly. That seems a prudent safety precaution, but somehow I didn't expect it. Happily, batteries are supplied.::Wendy::2.0::December 2, 2012
R3AQ3KUJKFGSKR::It's Easy and it Works!::Recently our neighbors had an incident where a CO detector went off in the middle of the night and perhaps saved their lives. It reminded me that our old detector (Kidde Nighthawk) had eventually got to the end of its life and we had to throw it out and we had not replaced it. So we looked for a replacement that we could put up easily in a good location.How do you judge a CO detector? I searched online and checked out reviews of those that actually test these things with Carbon Monoxide and found that the First Alert was frequently rated better than the other brands. I wanted one that had both AC power and a battery backup and this one fit the bill.Here's what I like: After opening it up and popping in the included batteries, it was ready to go! The attached plug and cord are designed so that you can install it directly into an outlet or hang it somewhere else and run the cord to the outlet. But since Carbon Monoxide sinks, plugging it in at wall outlet height just makes sense (It can also be rotated 90 degrees in the outlet to make more room). You really don't even need to look at the instruction manual because it is so easy!People make a big deal about the lighting, etc. on the digital display, but here is the thing to know: The displays on these CO detectors generally do not display anything until the level reaches 30 ppm (even the ones with the always-on red digital display). Anything under 30 ppm and it simply says 0. So the only reason you need the display is if the alarm actually goes off. At that point the LCD flashes red and the number is displayed so that you can report it. I also like that this unit will keep the number in memory for 24 hours (after all, who of us will remember the number if the alarm is going off at 2:00 AM and you are calling 911?). The rest of the time, all you have to do is look at it and there is a small green led indicating that things are ok. Peace of mind!::B. Bailey::5.0::January 25, 2012
R13JTO6GPV7X5Y::It's a way cool CO detector.::Why do I write that?  Because it has an LCD display that with a push of a button, will give you the max reading over the last twenty-four hours.This unit comes with a set of batteries and plugs into to wall.  It also has it's own extension cord should you want to mount the unit higher up on the wall.  If you're a prime member, two day shipping is included.  I ordered a pair of these bad boys and one failed to launch.  Contacted Amazon Customer Support and immediately received return authorization including a link to download a return postage label.  A new unit was sent out next day.  Easier than driving and standing in line so as to deal with the return desk at a Big Box store.  And considering the price of gas these days, the possibility of a return is something one needs to consider.Very happy with the acquisition.  We now have a total of four CO detectors so as to comply with California's CO detector law that goes into effect 01JUL2011.  I have one in the garage, one in the entryway, one in the hallway next to the AC/Heater air return and a Smoke/CO detector installed on the LVRM ceiling.  If something happens to the family, it's not going be because of smoke or carbon monoxide poisoning.Good product, good price, good service.::Thomas (Sherri's husband)::5.0::April 23, 2011
R1PESQJ90FGMQR::Broken out of the box::I ordered three of these units due to the new CA law. Two out of the three were dead on arrival. They read ERR in the LCD which, according to the instruction novel, means there is a malfunction. There is no instruction on how to solve the problem so I returned all three.::Phil::1.0::July 2, 2011
R22BQ4HHNTYTFL::Battery door won't stay closed::I bought two of these earlier this year.  Luckily, we have not had an occasion for the alarms to sound. However, on one of the units, the battery door doesn't close properly, and there is not a way to repair it.  It stays open slightly most of the time, and occasionally falls open completely.  It has been this way since I received it.  However, it was not  apparent until I opened the product packaging and opened the battery door to insert the batteries. Due to the packaging of this product in hard plastic that had to be completely destroyed to get it out, it wasn't possible to return it once opened.::Mom of twins::1.0::September 16, 2012
R2Y33AA0A1EH3V::printed manual different than online::I found the manual for the CO615 online at FirstAlert dot com.But it arrived with a newer paper manual, and some significant features have changed.The online manual was rev 10/06 (I guess that is Oct 2006) and my paper one is rev 09/10.The new manual says the Peak CO readout will auto reset after 24 hours (the old manual said it did not reset until you cleared it - which I would prefer - but not as much as Paul prefers it. There are advantages to both ways. Ideally it would show you both).The new manual does not describe using a TV remote control to silence the CO alarm - I do not know if that feature is still in the product or not, but it is not in the manual.Both the warranty and life expectancy are longer - 7 years vs 5 before.There maybe other differences too, I am not sure.Update: I scanned in my paper manual and uploaded it to Google Docs and to ManualsLib dot com.Amazon will not let me post a link to it.Try searching Google for FirstAlert-CO615-v2-user-manual.pdfSee Paul Robinson Review herehttp://www.amazon.com/review/R3ABCFNR7NPP9M/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B000Q5VMKG&linkCode;=&nodeID;=&tag;=::Rob Oppenheim::4.0::November 25, 2011
R30DIO2AWBLNVX::Easy to Install::All the local stores in Colorado were out of stock with waiting lists for CO detectors due to media coverage of several deaths in the state.  We got these in less than a week, and they were very easy to just plug into any outlet. They came with the back up batteries, so I didn't even need to supply my own.  Could not have been easier, and have the best of both worlds...an A/C powered unit with back up battery that I could install myself without mounting hardware or an electrician.::K. Wray::5.0::January 28, 2009
R3CUCBVM4RV5KS::First Alert CO alarm  NO /  Kidde CO alarm YES::This FIRST ALERT CO alarm (and presumably others by the same maker) DOES NOT register readings under 30ppm, in terms of the digital highest readings shown. It simply ignores them  ....even though that might have shown a potential CO problem brewing.And you don't discover this point until you read the instructions.HOWEVER- the KIDDE CO Alarms DO measure peak readings below 30ppm...which is why I consider Kidde CO alarms to be a much better buy. I have both...and I am sorry that I purchased the First Alert CO alarm.::me::1.0::January 1, 2013
R3CPH1OY2YEAJW::Poor Battery Door Design::Good display, detailed directions. We would have used and purchased multiple units for each bedroom in our house but the battery door design is extremely poor. It clicks closed properly when no batteries are installed but with the two AA's installed the door will not close properly. There is a little arm that is attached to the battery compartment door which inserts in two positions, one straight in when there are no batteries, one higher up over the top of the batteries when they are installed to let the unit know batteries are present. The concept does not work well.We are returning the unit. Do not buy.::Kevin G. Mathews::1.0::July 7, 2013
R16EHY5FRPG030::Broken low battery indicator; batteries very hard to remove::The detector arrived with a broken low battery detector. Both the batteries it shipped with and a pair of brand new batteries (fresh from the package with an expiration date of 2022) caused the low battery detector chime to sound. Also, the batteries are *very* hard to replace--you have to press very, very hard at just the right angle for them to pop out of the housing. Very frustrating and disappointing for what I hoped would be an easy to use product.::Cynthia::1.0::November 28, 2012
R3S5SSKV9EERCK::Not the most fun $30::This device is pretty standard, you plug it into the wall and if there's too much CO, it should alarm.I was expecting the digital display to show a real-time CO level in the room. I thought that would be kind of cool. However, the digital display is blank unless the alarm goes off, in which case it will tell you how much CO is being detected (so you know how severe the CO concentration is, whether you should totally evacuate the house or if you can just open a couple windows).Otherwise it seems like a pretty standard detector.::A. Clausen::4.0::November 11, 2012
R35I63W8ZFKX1C::Bought it based on Consumer reports::I have no desire to save a few bucks on a CO detector when it could put your life in danger, and bought it on the recommendation of a consumer reports rating.  It plugs into the wall with a battery backup, was highly rated by consumer reports and gives me the peace of mind that I have a reputable detector in case I need it.  So far I have no compaints.::Amazon Customer::4.0::May 28, 2012
R10EW4BVQ3U4BW::First Impressions::I bought the CO615 after seeing Consumer Reports rate it the best in its class and both CR and consumersearch.com claiming that it picked up low CO levels (~150ppm) faster than the Kidde Nighthawk models.Installation was easy.  I especially like the cord that can be tucked away for direct wall outlet mounting, and that the plug can be rotated 90 degrees.The interface is a bit annoying.  The display remains blank unless I hold in the Peak Level button for a few seconds, and the buttons are hard to press.I like the subdued status light; I don't want this thing lighting up a dark room.The remote control feature seems to have been dropped.  It was not mentioned in the printed manual that came with my unit, though the online manual still mentions it.  Why didn't they change the model number if they changed the feature set?  (Note: I bought mine from ACE Hardware; perhaps Amazon stock differs.)::Forest::4.0::January 30, 2011
RLLG5R5C6GJ3Y::Junk!::I ordered two of these units in April 2012. Both units have falsed more than once, usually in the middle of the night. The peak level buttons on both were erratic in function from the start -- the button on one unit recently failed completely. I've junked both and ordered a couple of Pro-Tech units to replace them.::Amazon Customer::1.0::September 5, 2012
RT6B9C8PLXU6Q::CO detector has nice features::I bought this unit for my bedroom.  It's the only CO detector in my home.  In the middle of my house is a small closet with an ancient gas furnace.  There doesn't seem to be any date anywhere I can see, but I would bet the furnace is 40 years old.  I like that this CO detector runs on A/C power and has battery backup (I think most CO units these days run on A/C).  Unlike other reviewers, I think the battery indicator makes a lot of sense; IT TELLS YOU THAT THE BATTERY IS WORKING!  How else would you know if the battery died?  As there is controversy concerning the placement of CO detectors, mine is sitting on top of a tv stand (about waist high) behind the tv where it is hidden.  While it might be helpful if the display always showed the CO level, I don't think I would ever look at it.This detector has a great design: the display shows you the highest level ever recorded and lets you reset to zero.  That means you can monitor CO level without have to be present to look at the display.  Also, the test feature requires you to hold the button on your remote for 5 seconds before test mode is triggered.  I've never set off test mode accidentally even though this sits next to my tv.I sleep better at night knowing I have this well designed unit protecting me!::The Penguin::5.0::May 17, 2011
RNL5ZL1JM3SZS::First Alert Carbon Monoxide sensor #00615::Item was just as described. Easy to set up, test button worked, sensor is not bad  looking. Can't test reliabilty of its detection sensitivity, so this is always a question. First Alert has a good reputation so I have to rely on that, and hope that a problem never arises.I would buy again and would recommend it to others.::E. James Fresia::4.0::December 7, 2007
R3FCHSAONDEMZP::Bad Warranty!!!!::I bought this alarm at Oct 2009 from Amazon. Only after two years, it broke. I call First Alert Warranty department. They told me that they will send me a new alarm but I need pay $6.5 shipping fee. Then came to most annoying apart, they DO NOT take credit card. I have to mail check to them. Only after receiving my check, they will send me the new one. And their warehouse is in different state with their office. That means that I will not have c/o monitor in my house for almost a month!!! That kind of poor warranty this it is.::X.S. L::1.0::August 22, 2011
R1DQCNTOH6VGEW::I can only assume it's working.::I honestly have no evidence that this thing is working, but I do like the design and the digital controls on it. My favorite part is that I can just plug it into the electrical outlet and never have to change the batteries. It's out of sight and out of mind. I hope it's actually working.::L00king4nswers::5.0::November 15, 2012
R3G4M2HZMXZAKU::Early Days but good so far::I have only opened this today and installed it (plugged it in) but it seems like a lot of well thought-out features, and is a well made product for the price, or for that matter for twice as much. Some I looked at in Lowe's and Home Depot were trash. The content of features in this particular model is unexpectedly good. The warranty is good, too. I have had to install these as a result of a mortgage refinance (I guess I could have just forgot about it as there was no inspection) but I now I wish I had done so long ago. The technology has progressed a long ways in the 3 to 4 years since Consumer Reports tested and reported on them. This unit also got good reviews from purchasers. Early Days but so far so good.::Bob::5.0::November 15, 2012
R2MN0P24X6VKI::Good Product::Product arrived in good packaging and included the 2 AA batteries needed for the back-up feature.  I plugged them in, ran the test and they are good to go.  I also took one out into the enclosed garage and it started beeping about 5 seconds after I started my car quickly for a test.Price was better of course at Amazon than I could find locally.  I will also be purchasing another few for a rental property where CO detectors are required by law (WI).I would recommend.::D. Mackie "D. Mackie"::5.0::October 26, 2012
R1GMFPQQEZ7RRD::First alert CO615 C/O detector::It seemed like the most bang for your buck, it installed easy and I like the fact it is a plug in detector and has a battery back up. You can also check the highest CO reading by hitting one button a good feature. It has a 7 year warrantee I hope it will last that long!::novajoe::5.0::December 10, 2011
R1OCQM16HRR6KH::Good Product::Bought this to replace a Nighthawk CO2 Detector.  First Alert has a good reputation, it uses AA batteries unlike the 9 volt in our previous model, ( batteries included with this purchase, which I liked) and it is not as big and bulky as our previous Detector.  Soft Green light illuminates it. VERY easy to set up/install.  I would certainly recommend.::New Bird Watchers::4.0::May 4, 2011
RHYVF9Z9LGNBI::get two of these right now::I just plugged in my first one a few hours ago, and I'm going to buy another one now.The cord allows you to place the unit up to several feet away from the outlet where you plug it into.  That's very cool.The alarm is plenty loud enough for me, and I like the other button you can press to see "what's the max CO level since the last time I cleared this?"( I assume there's a way to clear it...)!Look! -- here's a feature that is going to save you a night's sleep about  a year from now:Since live batteries are crucial, this unit *always* shows you the state of the batteries, with a little icon on the right side of the display.  If it is actually running on battery power, the icon just flashes every few seconds.  If it's plugged in, the icon is always visible.  And by looking at it, you can tell when the batteries are getting low.  This means, about a year from now, you can replace the batteries *before* it wakes you up at 3 in the morning, complaining about low batteries!Yeah, OK, the manual could be better -- like an actual little booklet instead of one of these stupid big-pieces-of-paper-folded-up things.  But it's clear and understandable, and if the print is too small for you, you need a new prescription.Listen -- you always hear stuff like "get your furnace checked" or "open the flue all the way on your fireplace" or whatever.  And you think "well, my house won't have that kind of problem."  That is misleading and extremely dangerous.In the last ten years I have now twice heard about people -- people whom I  knew in both cases -- losing children to CO poisoning.  In both cases the CO was generated by smoldering fires inside the walls, caused by old or faulty electrical wiring.  In one case the house was *new*.  By the time the flames actually broke out and became visible -- and by the time the fire started generating enough smoke to set off regular *smoke* alarms -- the victims were already dead.The second of these incidents happened a few days ago.If you use electricity, you need one of these.  No, you need two of these, and you need them right now.::Michael Goulish::5.0::February 5, 2011
R1HR7M7MF3OOHV::peace of mind::This unit gives me peace of mind. I don't have to wonder if I'm living on the edge of having a carbon monoxide problem. The display lets me know exactly where I stand. Its well worth the little extra cost.::Jim R. Zeffield "Deborah Zeffield"::5.0::February 22, 2009
ROGUWKW4DAJIB::Junky::Poorly constructed. The test and last high reading buttons hardly ever work. I had 2 Kidde Nighthawks that detected a bad oven with a reading of 14ppm. One in the kitchen and one in the basement, Yet the First Alert read 000. Kidde has excellent warranty service and outstanding customer service.::OB1 "OB1"::2.0::March 7, 2011
R3NUEB9A1M708L::poor construction::The battery compartment opens from the front, which is convenient, but the lid did not close properly. Also the batteries had to be positioned just right to work, and it took a good several minutes of fiddling to get them adjusted. The battery backup is required; without the batteries, the unit chirps. (I returned the product and bought a different brand.)::Irene "Irene"::2.0::April 3, 2010
RWZTM4JH7HG3P::Definitly "Made in China"::I looked a while on Amazon before I bought this one and got what I figured was the best bang for the buck.  Didn't seem to work exactly right when I was installing the battery and plugging it in, but seems to be OK now.  Always displays zero.  No way of telling if that's CO or number of pink elephants in the room.  I'll just have to trust that First Alert is right.  But I will stay alert for tightness across my forehead- a telltale symptom on a CO hit.::John Mark::4.0::February 5, 2014
ROACFWMDUVYDZ::Only one complaint::This is one of those things you buy not to add decor to your home, but to SAVE your family in that wore case scenario. I hope that I'll never hear it go off but if I do, I'll be glad I got a heads up.This carbon monoxide detector has a nice feature where you can choose between mounting simply plugging it into your wall outlet, or mounting the unit a little higher on the wall above an outlet. Either way the power chord easily stows in the back so no cords are showing when it's plugged/mounted directly on an electrical outlet.The only reason that I can not give this product 5 stars is such. Behind the front cover of the display is where you put the batteries. After I placed the batteries into the unit, I went to close the cover and found that it will now not close. The latch that is on the my unit does not allow for enough clearance and in the mean time I have decided to use a small strip of clear tape (not blocking the sensor) to hold it shut.Overall I would still recommend this model to anyone, and I have even bought one for my parents.::John D Lape Jr::4.0::January 3, 2014
R2TV3Y4TEG0IV9::Good Device wished took up less space to plug in::Needed to buy a carbon dioxide detector for my condo unit per HOA. Should be standard on all new construction, but that's another issue. I read reviews to select a model that seemed to be simple, best rated for money. Product was shipped on time and easy to install and test. I would have preferred the unit to be smaller so that I could use both plugs where I have Carbon Monitor device installed. Seems to be working Ok.::NickG03::4.0::December 20, 2013
R12CP29P0MROJS::Carbon Monoxide alarm with long plug-in cord and Battery backup::We purchased the First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide alarm to install in a bedroom. A nice feature of this alarm is the long plug-in cord that allows the alarm to be placed on a shelf or at least a few feet away from the outlet.Our old alarm that was located at the outlet tended to collect more dust because it is close to the floor and out-of-sight.This alarm has a backup battery which is beneficial if the electricity were to go out as it might happen in an emergency like an earthquake.Since our alarm sits on a shelf, it would have been better if it were designed with a flat bottom instead of a curved bottom.We also purchased the Kidde KN-COSM-B Battery-Operated Combination Carbon Monoxide and Smoke Alarm with Talking Alarm for another room. It also has positive ratings on Amazon. Our reasoning for having two different brands is that there is an additional data point should the alarm sound or in case one of the detectors is defective.PROS:- Long plug-in cable allows the detector to be placed away from the outlet- Battery backup in case the electricity goes outCONS:- Doesn't sit securely on the shelf due to the curved bottom (though it's not a deal breaker)::prosandcons::5.0::December 14, 2013
R3PA0VU6WFJM55::Seems to be working fine but looks refurbished::I just received the CO Alarm in a sealed package. However the unit itself looks refurbished - has light scuffs & a blue marker on the back.Tested ok, Alarm is loud - I'm just concerned about the life of the product if it is indeed a refurb. I would expect Amazon to make it clear that you're buying a refurb item.::BD::3.0::March 15, 2013
R3E6KLCU138LYR::Possibly saved our lives::Our shop was having boiler (furnace) issues...just wasn't running efficiently. It started worrying me and I thought I'd pick up a couple carbon monoxide detectors to be sure we were safe. My brother thought I was being silly. :) Anyway, plugged both in and within an hour I heard an alarm go off! We switched that one out with the other in the front room and the other went off shortly thereafter. I immediately called for service on our furnace and as soon as the serviceman walked in and hit the back production room, his alarm went off. The furnace was shut down (it was about 8 degrees outside) and space heaters kept us warm until the replacement boiler was installed. Granted the carbon monoxide was a very low level, but it had probably been poisoning the air for three-four weeks. My brother (who works in the backroom) was going home with headaches and extreme fatigue...I don't think he'll ever think I'm silly again. Thank you.::C. Chappelle "Music fan"::5.0::February 14, 2013
R10PYE9K7L9WLZ::Good product...::Have just recently replaced our old CO detectors with three of these First Alert CO615. I must admit, didn't realize they had to be replaced every 5/7 yrs. Our old ones must have been at least 10 yrs. I love the LCD screens on these new ones. The old ones didn't have LCD screens. The features I like on these: 1) Battery backup, doesn't come into affect until there's a power outage, and the battery usage indicator on the LCD. 2) The memory recall of CO levels within the last 24 hrs. Installation was easy, and the initial test was simple. The price on Amazon was much better then what I could find in retail stores. All-in-all a great buy...::Canuckcrew::4.0::November 6, 2012
R20EM3IN1VWMZM::CO detector::Item arrive in a timely manner. tested with test button to see if alarm works-it did. If the product does not work in detecting CO after this installation I will not be able to write a review that it did not work. Just a bit of humor by a former chemist.::chemist cook::5.0::September 1, 2012
R3B1E61DCZ5X39::It Works - So Glad I Bought It::Bought this for my daughter three weeks ago when she moved into an apartment building that uses gas.  Today the alarm went off and the digital display indicated a level of 60 that went up to 80 within 30 minutes.  She called the gas company (please call 911 not the gas company if your alarm goes off) and because she had the numbers to report they were at her apartment building within minutes.  Their tests confirmed the alarm was right and the CO level was due to a faulty water heater. So glad I bought it the week she moved in and that I didn't procrastinate.::Hoyamom "hoyamom"::5.0::August 30, 2012
R16MXRD7HB23R3::Nice design for flexible use::I selected this CO2 detector model mainly on the basis of its top-ranking in Consumer Reports for sensitivity. But there are also some great design features that make it even more useful, particularly with where you can position it.You can plug it directly into the wall socket if you want to, but it also comes with an extendable power cord so you can position the unit a few feet away from the wall outlet. I put the unit on my night stand so that the detector is about the same distance off the ground as my head is when sleeping. That's the recommended height according to what I've read.Another handy feature is the battery backup, which keeps the unit operational in case of a power failure. Although some reviews comment on the battery door being fragile, mine worked just fine. It could be that First Alert redesigned it.Very simple to use and, according to CR, is tops in accuracy. Hopefully I'll never hear it sound the alarm, but glad that it's keeping tabs on the CO2 level in the house. Highly recommend.::Comdet::5.0::May 25, 2012
R1IQH3VZUDB1OA::Does it work?::Despite the other reviews describing situations where this detector might have even been life-saving, I am not convinced that the detector I received actually worked.  I never saw my detector register anything other than zero, even during an incident in which we lit a wood fire in an indoor fireplace and forgot to open the flue.  The apartment quickly filled with smoke, and doubtlessly abundant carbon monoxide from the smoldering wood, and yet the detector steadfastly registered 0 and didn't make a peep.::T. Fricke::2.0::March 11, 2012
R2Q6CSGRGKZYJ7::Well made product.::I don't understand the grip about the battery door. I think the product is designed very smart to make a compact, efficient unit.The battery door opened up with no problems, I placed the batteries inside, and it latched closed with equal ease.The unit looks really nice, and when I tested it, it's LOUD!I love that it plugs into the wall, so I don't have to depend on batteries as the primary source of reliable power, and the unit has a generous amount of electric cable, so you aren't too limited to where you can place it once it's plugged in.It COMES WITH TWO ENERGIZER BATTERIES!!!! Kudos for even including the batteries, but Energizer instead of some offbrand? Awesome!It looks nicer than any of the options at Home Depot.All I have to say is I would recommend.::MrRich724 "So it goes"::5.0::October 10, 2011
R3M3SUY7HBXJY2::Plug and play protection::Install 2 AA batteries, plug it in, and you're done.It leaves one plug still open on a standard wall outlet, and you can test it with your TV remote.Haven't had trouble with false alarms except when the kids are playing with infrared remote controlled toys.::Magic Jack::5.0::July 19, 2010
RH6P4J7W1A5BH::Sleeping Easier in Idaho::I have been meaning to buy a carbon monoxide monitor for a year, ever since a family of four I know was overcome by carbon monoxide poisoning.  Luckily, they survived.  When the same thing happened to a friend from my book group on Christmas Day (she spent several days in the ICU), I decided I could put the purchase off no longer.  I am single, and feel that if the same thing happened to me, it would be too late by the time someone found me.  Carbon monoxide kills several people in the US each year.  Even if you don't die, you can have life-long neurological problemsI have had the monitors for about two weeks.  I bought them (I bought two of the same monitor, one for my living room and one for my bedroom) based on their review in Consumer Reports.  I like the fact that they primarily use electricity with a battery back up.  They are easy to set up and use.  I feel safer having them in my home.  Everyone should have at least one in their home.  I have been telling everyone I know to buy them.::Prudence::5.0::January 31, 2010
RJPSI9J7MOGKH::False information::Could have purchased many different alarms from local businesses at nearly half the cost, however, they were all made in China.  So I paid almost twice as much and waited an extra week for shipment because this First Alert alarm specifically said "made in USA" in the product description.Imagine my "surprise" when the package arrived and printed on the packaging "Made in Mexico"!!  There oughta be a law...oh, I think there is.::jO-eLLEN l.::1.0::January 28, 2014
R3AC880V02A4YM::Nice form factor. User interface fails.::Pro: Nice compact form factor, with a neat twist: The plug normally is on the back of the unit so you can stick it directly into an outlet and the outlet holds up the unit. However you can also pop out the plug, unroll a small length of cord, and screw the unit directly to the wall within a short distance of the outlet (a couple feet IIRC).Con: The CO2 level is *not* continually displayed; you have to press a button for it to come on. The buttons are hard to push. The unit gives poor feedback that it is working properly -- when you do succeed in pressing the button (test or reset, I forget which), the unit goes through a cryptic startup sequence that frankly looks like it's malfunctioning. It was only by studying the instructions that I could confirm it was actually doing what it was supposed to be doing. This is bad -- you shouldn't need a manual to use a CO2 detector, especially when you spend extra to get one with a digital display.I haven't encountered a real CO2 situation yet so I can't comment about the unit's actual performance.::William Hees::3.0::April 17, 2011
R39XWCP50EA1QK::never worked properly::After seeing so many good reviews about this product I feel I have to say that this is one of the few products I regret having bought at amazon. It never worked properly because its alarm started to sound randomly no matter the CO level. The first few times I got really worried and moved my family outdoors. Then I realized this alarm sounded even when I had left it in the backyard.I bought another one here (the second most popular option) and so far so good.Kidde KN-COPP-LPM Battery-Operated Carbon Monoxide Alarm with Digital Display::Derek Farren::1.0::June 30, 2013
R2RFNAQCTSWCPI::Alarm didn't work::I had to return this product because the alarm didn't work. I held down the test/silence button, but no sound was made.::Gary::1.0::November 29, 2012
R3EX2OVMO8W1SQ::Works as advertised.::Replaced a similar Carbon  Monoxide Alarm that stopped functioning after 7 years from the date of manufacture.  I wish there was some way to penalize companies that schedule their products for obsolescence.::Robert G::3.0::April 25, 2014
RIR819222534D::Good for travel::After seeing a number of articles concerning carbon monoxide incidents at hotels, we bought these CO/smoke detectors for peace-of-mind.  Quite satisfied.::M. Cleckner::4.0::April 14, 2014
R2W1U1Y74F6BKE::great product::Item was delivered quickly in easy to open packaging. It is low profile so it doesn't get in the way of furniture or walkways. Easy install and several options for placement thanks to the long electrical cord.::Ada::4.0::March 27, 2014
R1QCLWI7C62BJW::co615 carbon monoxide detecter::checked reviews and it was near the top. battery door is a little cheaply done. can't say how good it works as it has not be needed.checked other brands, this one rated better.::randy rennison::4.0::March 26, 2014
RQR4Z1ETTOLQI::First Time::First time to use one of these even after learning in the Navy 50 yrs ago that something like this was needed in certain places.  It tested great....now hope it is never needed.::(actually my spouse wrote review)::4.0::March 16, 2014
R12VRLO7H2WPK9::I only give it a four because....::I only give this product a four because there are more sophisticated units available, it's a good product for the price.::bzay9020::4.0::March 1, 2014
R17NQMWOBJL0YS::As advertised::Works well and is as advertised.  I do have difficulty seeing and reading he display when it is plugged into the wall outlet.  The NightHawk display is much easier to read, but no real complaints.::Helpful7::4.0::February 28, 2014
R1YEU2KM1SB4Y1::One of many detectors in the home::Exactly as expected. Works in tandem with a Combustible gas detector and both fit well in the outlet, since it has different ways to install, i was able to install to my liking. Alarm is loud. Happy with the purchase.::Odry::4.0::February 27, 2014
RTEETVT9AWPUH::We now have 3 CO detectors::We had our only alarm go off two weeks ago. It told us we had 63 ppm CO. I called the fire department and they came as did our utility company.Turns out it was ice blocking the ventilation on our roof after this ridiculous winter. We opened windows and doors to clear the CO out.I spoke at length with the utility guys and the fire fighter and they all said to put CO detectors in all bedrooms and in all hallways. After this little scare we now have 3 detectors placed where the firefighters recommended.Spend the money! Get CO detectors installed, it might save your loved one lives.I like the plug in units with battery back up. We have this unit in our bedroom and a Kidde unit in our sons bedroom and in the hallway. I like this unit in our bedroom because of the very low light level given off, I like a pitch black bedroom with no lights.I recommend this unit.::Scott Richmond "Glikbach"::5.0::February 25, 2014
R3JY0MY4XSCF0N::Nice design, multiple mounting options::I like the separate transformer and cord which can be kept inside the detector for mounting over an electrical outlet --or-- pulled out so the detector can be mounted away from the outlet.::J. Schmotzer "Dr. J"::4.0::February 21, 2014
RC67UQYTIV8X6::good, but kinda annoying.::so, i know the unit works.  i had a gas company guy come in a show me his meter and check it against mine.  i had the alarm going off at my office and i called in the fire and gas company.so confirmed my meter was reading 10ppm lower, 31 on mine and 41 on the professional meter.annoying part.  when the alarm goes off, you can turn it off or reset.  it is hard to tell what the sampling time is, but it beeps for ever to me.i wish the unit has a check the level now button.  but the peak like others have said resets every 24 hours.  again that sucks too. but... granted this is a simple machine.  beep on alert.  it did work for me.  i will post a picture of both the unit against the gas company meter.::dolfin29::4.0::February 3, 2014
R245ROXK77UTJO::Could be better::The alarm satisfies the new requirement for CO detectors in my home. It is a little difficult to push the button to get a historical reading. I found pushing it gently and holding it seems to work. Pressing too hard may break it.::Alz::4.0::January 29, 2014
R35166L3IB3898::Reliable, has excellent lifespan::Bought the last version, since redesigned with a different chipboard which is not only enhanced for sensitivity but also has extended longevity. The version I purchased had a 5 year warranty, now extended with new design to 7 years, and it was VERY reliable for 6 and a half years. According to manufacturer its lifetime was within the range for design. The plugin feature is very convenient and batteries never had to be replaced. Nice product with US customer service easy to contact by telephone. They make cheaper battery operated versions, but based on my experience the battery cost savings, reliability and longevity justify the price.::M. Hoffman "melawman"::4.0::January 28, 2014
R2RMHUZ4SFQ7SP::Top rated CO Alarm that delivers::I was lead to this model because of a high rating by a top consumer product testing magazine and it has been great so far (only used it a few days so far)Product is well designed and easy to set up even before you read the instructions.  I like the digital readout so you can tell how strong the CO threat really is.  Most of the similar priced alarms have no readout.  It was a good price for a product that has a lot of features.::Bob K.::5.0::January 12, 2014
R1V6ZFPW6PH6VW::Seems to work fine, but it resets the peak CO level every 24 hours.::Surely there must be a reason it clears the memory every 24 hours, but I can't think of what it would be. Otherwise this is a nice CO (Carbon Monoxide) detector. Alarm is very loud. Plugs in easily and extends up to 6' away if that works better for you. (It has a built in extension cord.) Locating it lower in the room is better, CO is heavier than "air."::Stickman::4.0::January 6, 2014
R30MR4PE5QTPV8::Easy to use.::Delivered as requested, easy to set up and does its thing....hope we never need it.  Instructions are LONG and covers mfg butt but do nothing for the product.::coloradoscott::4.0::December 10, 2013
R195RPA4TKLR1L::Safety First::- First Alert brand name- Easy to read display, and like the plug in with battery backup design.- To me this is a MUST have. I have multiple First Alert detectors and feel that you can't be too safe when it comes to this issue. I had a problem with my boiler and had an (older different model) first alert detector in the basement that alerted me within seconds of turning the boiler on. I was convinced enough to order a few of these, and place them around the house.- Price was right, Amazon delivered quickly.::AWGamer11::5.0::November 11, 2013
RHZ7VDL1XI9IV::Very nice unit::this was very easy to Activate and install for use.  Recommend this product to everyone looking for this type of product.  this a five star item in my book.::ROBERT J KNAUER::5.0::August 18, 2013
R2E3DH3TFI3CLL::Safety First::Have been advised to use the plug-in type rather than battery only. Seems safe, good price. Not an exciting gift but a great house gift nonetheless.::Sandi Shearer::5.0::August 15, 2013
R1QWCX0WYC7H50::Lasted less than Two Months::Installed this CO alarm in July. It displayed an error message in August. I would not order this brand again.8/22/13 Replaced under warranty. Good customer service. Hope this one lasts longer.::SK In CS::3.0::August 12, 2013
R17XLBFNBK685Y::CO monitor::I read the reviews on Consumer Reports and bought this one on their recommendation.  Seems to be working fine. The cost for these monitors is a bit higher than the others but we would rather be safe than not have one.  Price @ Amazon beat everyone else and with Prime, shipping is always upgraded and free.Will buy another one for the downstairs unvented fire place when wintertime rolls in.::alan frank::5.0::July 21, 2013
RKP9DUQ5GBUVU::Great::Awesome product. Is compact and plugs in inconspicuously. The back battery percentage is displayed on the screen and it does not needlessly go off.::Kc::5.0::July 1, 2013
R1IRD1SU0MU6HN::Easy and affordable way to add CO protection::We have had this CO alarm for over a year and test it regularly.  It appears to be doing its job.  We like the flexibility of plugging it into a wall socket and can take it with us when we travel.::M. Everton "yakmaster"::5.0::June 5, 2013
RVV75R3JOS0QC::Not as goood as the others::It doesn't seem to register the same as another Carbon monoxide alarm I have.  The readings seem low.  And you have to keep resetting it to find out recent peak readings and what it is doing currently.::dave::3.0::April 13, 2013
R1YI24FR9AA8E3::I'm not even sure it's workng::It does NOT constantly display the CO level in the room as the article states.  The only thing that makes me think it's even working is the power light, which is not very bright.  I gave this a rating of 2 stars because the main reason I bought this model was because the article says that it displays the CO level all of the time.  It doesn't so what use is it?  Will it work in an emergency?  I don't really know.::JeffG.::2.0::February 13, 2013
R1JHH7LQUUESJG::Saved our lives.::I had recently moved into a house that i had purchased and our old Carbon Monoxide detetector kept going off at night but because it wasnt digital i didnt know if it was just a bad battery so we slept with all the windows cracked in the bedrooms so i bought this first alert digital and again the 1st night i had it plugged it in, it went off and gave a reading over 100 i was scared so i called a technician and sure enough the heater had a hole in the heat exchange and the technician said we were lucky we got it fixed before someone died.::houston08::5.0::February 4, 2013
R1UXEZ9E9K8Z61::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Alarm::We have always used Kidde alarms, but I read reviews on carbon monoxide alarms and this one the First Alert CO615 was top rated.  So, we purchased it to replace our Kidde alarm.  I like it better than the Kidde because of its size and looks.  In testing it, I  am certain it would wake even a deaf and sound sleeper like me.  Very pleased with it so far.  Would recommend this Amazon.com purchase to everybody.::Harold G. Turner::4.0::January 18, 2013
R2ZRNYPLLPW867::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Plug-In Alarm with Battery Backup::I had to read the instructions to find out that you can't just press the TEST/SILENCE or CO READING button, you had to press and HOLD the button to receive the desired action. Once I learned this simple trick the device works very well. I've only had it installed for about a week but so far I'm happy.You have to just trust that the standard CO/SMOKE detector installed in your home is working correctly. You can never truly determine whether an alarm is "real" or a "faulty" detector. I had a faulty detector in the basement furnace room and it took two days to prove that the alarm I occasionally received was a false alarm. In the mean time the wife and dogs were running around "wild eyed" at intermittent times. I have since replaced the faulty detector and all is quiet and calm again.I recommend this detector to anyone in need of an alarm or just testing their existing alarms.::clp::4.0::January 5, 2013
R1ZK76KI886X1B::Defective::It looks nice and maybe it works but i bought 2 of them and after installing the batteries the compartment door would not close and kept popping open.  others may just tape it shut however if I purchase a brand new item, i should not have to jerry-rig it for it to work properly,  I returned them.::JO::2.0::December 7, 2012
R3CMYPMH13MV27::Carbon monoxide detector::Doing wellness at work and carbon monoxide level was high.  Not a smoker and not exposed to 2nd hand smoke regularly.  Was curious about furnace & gas stove.  Bought detector to check this out.  Have 2 small boys also.  Have detector plugged in & everything checked out good!  Now have a piece of mind on a daily basis.::Debbie::5.0::September 25, 2012
RJTBMMVX6DR8E::Can this be your life saver?::This is my second purchase of this product, the first having reached the end of it's lifespan.  But before that happened, the first one woke us up in the middle of the night when the furnace exhaust pipe unexpectedly collapsed, and undoubtedly saved our lives. Just follow the simple in-package installation directions, and let this little wonder be your guardian angel. We sleep better knowing it is on the job.::SC buyer 2011::5.0::September 8, 2012
R3HS5Q97N9AIRY::Great product::I like the display and we haven't had a detection yet, and hopefully won't!  I used a tester to see if it would work if an emergency and it detected the gas, so I know mine does work.::Kris Fleury::4.0::August 8, 2012
R2R1X3KCXL031::Had one, which saved our lives....::We had an incident with propane, and our CO2 detector saved our lives.  So I purchased this one as a backup.  I cannot emphasize how important it is to have one of these in your house.  This one is the same brand as our other, but has the digital reading.  Never place one in the kitchen if you have gas appliances and also, grease and steam can give false readings.  I recommend 1 for every 1000 sq feet of house.::Mommy Goblin::5.0::May 1, 2012
R2Z1SJM6ZV8OQN::Best CO detector for the money::Great reviews from buyers and Consumer Reports. Bought one for each of the three levels of my home. Fool proof installation. Uses low cost AA batteries (included in purchase). Like everyone, I hope I never have to experience an urgent need for these CO detectors, but I now have the peace of mind that my family is protected.::LARRY REED::5.0::April 21, 2012
R2SFB8T8B3O01J::Peace of mind in a box::Recently there have been several reports of people dying of carbon monoxide poisoning, so I was becoming more uncomfortable with just a couple cheap detector.  I heard this was highly rated.  I came to amazon and found it very reasonably priced.  Received the package very quickly, within a week from time ordered.  It was packaged very well.I feel much more comfortable with these detectors in our home.  I can push the peak level button to see if any amount of CO has been detected in the last 24 hours.  So far mine has always shown 0 ppm.  However, I have a family member that also bought a few of these, upon my recommendation.  Their detector showed 52 ppm the other day.  So they vented the house and are looking for the source.I have more much peace of mind knowing that it will show me what level is detected.  The battery backup also gives more peace of mind.::Heather D::5.0::March 14, 2012
R17QMX1ZG3G7N8::First Alert CO615 CarbonMonoxide Alarm::Product arrived quickly and was easy to setup. Like the battery backup and digital display of carbon monoxide level so you can see if levels are changing.::mrbarker::4.0::February 16, 2012
R10KCO89ICRHVW::First Alert.::Hi:  I bought this product because of the situation we encountered. We have THIS OLD HOUSE and we have been working on it for 6 years. I can tell you that I bought this First alert carbon monoxide along with the First Alert Explosive Gas alarm. Why well, we've been threw a lot with this old house, from natural gas leaks to old fire places.  This product work great.Sincerely,Paul::kanipape::5.0::January 30, 2012
R996B45IFPRY6::Probably the best on the market.::I searched long and hard for a good CO detector.  All the reviews I read pointed towards this First Alert Co615 detector.  It uses two AA batteries for backup, not the 9 volt battery like others do.  This saves you money at replacement time.I've had one detector for three years and am very happy with it.  This one I ordered to replace another brand that reached the end of it's life.Well worth the money.  Cheaper here than anyplace else.::Wacky Wiccan::5.0::January 13, 2012
R3K20VJ82I562K::my batteries boiled over 5 minutes after I 1st plugged it in::Hopefully mine was a rare lemon but the batteries boiled over right after I plugged it in. I double checked to make sure that they were installed properly so that was not the problem. Amazon took back the unit and refunded my money but I did not buy a replacement. Most of the reviews seem positive so I hope this was a rare occurrence but I'm not taking the chance again. I'll go with a different unit.::John M.::2.0::January 9, 2012
R1D9P65L4L51PS::Time Will Tell if a Good Value::Purchased three (3) of the First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide units.  Units were packaged well and were delivered promptly.All units were delivered with all items described, including the batteries.Assembly and installation was straightforward, per the instructions.While the "test" button does permit one to determine if the alarm sounds, it does not "test" if the unit is capable of correctly detecting carbon monoxide.  Also, there is no apparent method to calibrate the unit.::Occasional Buyer::4.0::December 6, 2011
R2KC79UA660P7N::Easy setup (and great gift!)::Easy setup -- don't have to drill any holes in the wall or get up on a ladder to install it.  This makes it a great gift for the grandparents or anyone older, especially if they live in a state (like CA) that requires CO detectors.  All they have to do is plug it in and put in on a shelf.Cannot vouch for its ability to detect CO, other than it doesn't give false positives (don't use fireplace or gas appliances, have detached garage).::cramp10::5.0::December 5, 2011
RY4YSVA8MTSVY::Does what it is supposed to::We're expecting a new baby so we decided to change out all our existing CO detectors.  These were delivered quickly, were easy to install and seem to be doing the job.  Unlike some others, we did not have trouble putting the batteries in and replacing the battery cover.::NancyN::4.0::December 1, 2011
R1SNJW6QIQUK0H::Get a Digital Read CO detector::This is a solid CO detector.  The only thing I didn't like is that it is ac powered (with battery backup).  The ideal installation location is in a hallway outside the sleeping areas per the NFPA.  However, I have no ac outlets in my hallway!  Therefore, I put it inside just one of the bedrooms.  A digital readout is a must since the alarms will sound with about 70 ppm and 60 minutes exposure.  I want to know my CO ppm level even if it doesn't trigger the alarm (mine was 0 ppm).  Other nice features are a peak CO ppm reading in a 24 hr period and unobtrusive dim green readout which turns bright blue for reading.  Unit is set to End of Life itself after 7 years.::Melissa::4.0::July 31, 2011
R1FNZLA9W26VUY::Optional Extension to Plug is Best Feature::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Orefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Orefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso;	   


function cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.write("cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42O', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42O';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42O', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42O";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m1PO90G5EUMO4L";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m1PO90G5EUMO4L";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R1FNZLA9W26VUY";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m1PO90G5EUMO4L/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42O', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OnewHeight(h);

  cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oso.write("cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Oflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42ORollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42ORollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71sLwlNr8-S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Opreplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OpreplayImageId');
if (cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Opreplay) {
  cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Opreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Opreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71sLwlNr8-S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Opreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Opreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71sLwlNr8-S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42Opreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OcurrentClick) {
      return cv_mo1UOUK51YTF42OcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 8:16 MinsThe best feature is the plug in design that lets you either plug directly into an outlet, or locate the unit further from the outlet with the extension & separate plug.  The plug and extension wire is built into the back, but can be pulled out.  The unit is a little bulky and I didn't want it seen in my living room or bedroom prominently in my wall outlets.  So I rather run the plug to a hidden outlet and put it in a dresser or end table out of the way.  However, it sits okay on a table, but I wish it came with a stand to help.  It seems to expect you to mount it on a wall or outlet.  But it looks just fine on a table to the side.The manual has some useful unexpected information that is worth a read through.  It talks to location considerations like not too near your kitchen, and not too near ceiling or corners due to dead space that might not get circulation of CO, or too near ceiling fans or vents in which CO might not reach the sensor, etc.  It was worth a read compared to the usual boredom of manuals.The construction seems fine to me.  I didn't notice any trouble with the battery door.  Just open it from the top, evenly, and focus on where the latch is near the middle of the door that you will see plainly as you open it and look in.  The batteries fit *very* tightly in one of the two units I bought so will be a little more difficult to remove, but still okay.  But don't consider this a batter operated unit.  It only uses batteries as backup.  The button to get the CO peak level over the last 24 hours doesn't seem very responsive, but always works after a few tries.  It always shows 0 for me, but I don't think I should expect more if everything is fine.::Tiger::4.0::July 24, 2011
R3PTO1QAJD3ZL8::Amazon was great to work with::This was well-rated by a consumers oraganization and we got them for our home.  One was defective and Amazon quickly replaced it.  They sent me a new one faster than I could mail the defective one back to them (no cost to me).  Thanks Amazon.  You deserve 5 stars.::Robert Fukai "dvd lover"::4.0::June 2, 2011
R1V0ILVV24ZCNO::Working as advertised::We bought this unit in response to the new Oregon law requiring at least one CO detector.  It arrived from Amazon quickly but with environmentally unfriendly packaging.  But the unit itself works as it is supposed to.  The documentation was easy to understand. The backup battery was easy to install.  The test button is well located on the front panel and the display is easy to read. We have not had any events to cause an alarm but more importantly, there have been no false alarms.  It just works.  So far so good.::D. White::5.0::May 12, 2011
R22THK6QCJ59SW::Just fine::Insertion of batteries was easy and I did not find the door flimsy. It fits in the bottom of an outlet so you have use of the top one. Only negative is,thickness about 2 inches, so it is easily noticed in the outlet.::donnyboy::4.0::May 7, 2011
R1SQJV79OTDSS2::carbon monoxide alarm::The First Alert CO615 is simply plugged into a bedroom outlet after putting in the two AA penlight batteries. It seems to be betterquality than some of the other makes. If you don't have one and you use gas heat, you're taking a risk.::Malcolm L. Mac Leod::5.0::April 25, 2011
R1FBFRASI6J7B5::Solid choice for CO protection::The online description suggested this was an excellent choice for a CO detector and when I bought it, I wasn't disappointed.  It runs on AC power with battery backup, and has a digital readout.  It can be mounted directly in an outlet, or the plug can be detached so the now-corded unit can be mounted away from the outlet.  I have two complaints.  One, the digital readout can only be read at close range, but I could have guessed this from the photos.  Two, the placement requirements -- which are probably not unique among CO detector products -- are onerous.  Trying to balance minimum distance from potential CO source, proximity to air currents, AC location, and audibility is a mess.  You might be better off with a battery-operated unit.  Or just ignore the requirements as lawyer-induced.::Eric Ewanco "Catholic apologist"::4.0::February 17, 2011
R2ZY6VWMG3G8D0::Very compact, well made, simple::I researched CO detectors pretty thoroughly before buying, as I needed three of them and it was going to run me around $80-$100 according to my first look. After reading through all the Amazon reviews and Consumer Reports, I settled on this one and I am glad I did. I have never owned any other CO detectors, let me say up front, but this model is great for most homes in my opinion. It's compact, just a tad larger than a 12-oz. can of soda. An older nonfunctional one that came with my house was twice that size. The little LED light tells you it's operating but is not garish, way less than a nightlight. And the manufacturer apparently listened to all the previous complaints about the battery compartment because I had no problem at all installing them and I believe the instructions even had a note about that. It does have a lifetime, it stops working at 5 years. But in response to those reviewers who derided this fact - consumer/home safety websites clearly show that that you should replace CO detectors every 5 years. So I think this product item is actually a very good thing.::Brett A. Fishwild "cz75auto"::5.0::January 29, 2011
R161ZJZXFTKEPP::Just what I expected::This is just what I wanted are old one finally died right when we received this I just started having furnace problems and didn't realize it 2 days after I received this co detector it went off luckily we was home our birds would have died I would highly recommend this co detector it is well worth the money::Buddy L::5.0::January 15, 2011
RR8FD3WUCM64D::Simple and easy::Simple and easy. Plug it in, push the test button to make sure it is working, and walk away feeling a little safer.  I have had other models in the past that mounted on the wall, but I like the plug in feature much better.::A. Frederick::5.0::January 12, 2011
R1ALJ03Y8OMOJU::Works great::Bought these to replace a Kidde that malfunctioned a couple of months after I bought it. So far these are superior to the old one and the display is good and easy to understand.::solmadness::4.0::January 10, 2011
R191K9C7JCQ9I2::Just what I was looking for::This product came as advertised.  I read several of the reviews on this device and did not have the same trouble as other customers in regards to the battery door.  I was able to open the battery door and install the batteries without a hassle.  One of the main reasons, that I gave it 4 starts instead of 5 is because knock on wood, I technically have not had to use it, in the sense that I have not had a reading for carbon monoxide which is a good thing.  I didn't want to give it 5 stars without knowing it will truly work.  I did like the 5 year alarm it had, to tell you when it was no longer functional.  I also wrote on the device with the date I started to use it as well.  The only other complaint I would give the device would be displaying the current reading on the device.  I don't mind that it does not display automatically, but I don't like how I have to hold the button for several seconds before it displays.  I almost feel like I am resetting the device.Overall I am happy with the device for the price point and going off the other reviews I have read on the device.  Hopefully I will never need to determine if it works as design.::dabluzfan::4.0::November 23, 2010
R2TUAV9NY61OYO::Top rated easy to use product::Pro:Its a CR Best Buy.You can plug it into a power outlet without worrying about pre-wiring.It has a battery back-up in case of power out.Con:The display on the unit is not the best but then it has an audible alarm.Since most of the power outlets in homes are at the bottom of the room. Using it with the power outlet means the unit is always at the bottom of a wall.Overall I have had no issues with the unit and I will recommend it for anyone to buy.::Raising the Bar::5.0::June 8, 2010
R38TQ9V4P47NO7::GOOD SO FAR!  GREAT PRICE!!::This is a very simple unit and the alarm/peak CO level tests are working so far.  I'd like the alarm to be a little louder but is probably adequate for most people unless you're a real deep sleeper.  I'm very satisfied especially with the great price on Amazon!!::HAND OF DOOM::4.0::March 5, 2010
R85RQYU3BPG5E::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Detector::Purchased three of these so I now have one on each floor of our home. We had one on the second floor, where the bedrooms are located, and it was over 10 years old and I just learned they are to be replaced every 5 years. I put a label on each of the new ones indicating the date on which to replace them. I used them by just plugging them,. They come with an extension cord but had no need for it. I guess they are working, I haven't had them sound or register any reading of carbon monoxide. I did use the test button and they sounded, so they say they are working properly. Purchased one more unit to take to our trailer at the vacation park, so we are protected where ever we are staying. The State of Wisconsin just enacted a law requiring these on each floor of a residence, but interestingly there is no penalty for failing to install them. Maybe some people will get them because of the law and it will save someones life. The penalty is if you don't have them and there is a problem you could pay for it with your life.::Richard J. Simons::5.0::March 4, 2010
R22NWMZPDY5BA::Random beeps...::We bought two of these. One appears to be fine. The second one beeps randomly for no reason. There are three short beeps that are about as loud as a battery warning beep (not too loud, but enough to be very annoying). It beeps randomly. It might beep two or three times in one day, and than not beep again for a week. CO readings are always zero. Replacing the new battery doesn't help.::Bob Smith::1.0::February 27, 2014
RIFDIM3S4B9ZK::Bad display, bad buttons, good detection?::**UPDATE** Increasing to 4 stars from 2.  This thing really works!Since the reading always went down to 0 when I pressed the "stop making noise" button, shut the furnace off, and opened my bedroom door, I wasn't sure whether it was detecting a real, low-level issue, or just breaking. So to test that, I bought a second CO615 from my local Target (at about twice the price) to see if it would go off too.  And it does.So the alerts were legitimate, and this alarm kept me from harm, which is the whole point!Deducting one star for the display being garbled, the buttons being hard to use, and for it just seeming so broken that I didn't believe it and first & ended up spending 3x the money to figure it out, but the most important thing for this alarm to do is detect dangerous levels of CO, and it did it!******I'm not sure what to think about this.  Consumer Reports gave it a good rating, esp. for low levels of CO.  But the display on mine is now so garbled so that I can't read the numbers, and the buttons are faulty, so I can't get a peak level reading.  I only bought it 4 months ago.I've been using my furnace for about a month with no alarms sounding, but now it consistently goes off 2 hours after I turn my furnace on (aka 2 hours into me being asleep, bummer).  Then the level drops to 0 the moment I open my bedroom door, which seems fishy.I wanted to check what the peak level was following a day at work with the furnace off.  First day I tried it, the level was 35 ppm, higher than I had even seen it at night (~17 ppm). Second day I tried to check, I had to mash the peak level button for such a long time that it ended up clearing the peak level, but I think it read 45 for a split second before it cleared.  That was 2 days ago, and since then I haven't been able to get a reading, peak or otherwise, at all.I guess I'll do some more tests over the weekend...but I hate to waste emergency services by calling 911 if it turns out the unit is just defective.In the meantime, I'm only running the furnace for an hour at a time.  I'll have to hit up my building manager to get a proper reading from it because it's cold in here!::Fancypants O'Houlihan::4.0::November 16, 2012
R18995WIG2XY7C::Does Not Show Current CO Levels, Only Peak CO on Request::This product was not what I expected.  There is a digital display on the unit, but the display is always off.  The right hand button is to display "Peak Level" not current level of CO.  The CO Memory automatically resets itself back to zero every 24 hours.  I wanted to get a unit to monitor current CO levels in the room, a number displayed constantly and hands free.Very tempted to send this back.  While it probably works well, it is not what I expected.On the plus side the unit plugs into a wall socket or the power adapter comes free from the unit and allows a remote installation.And like other reviewers have noted the owners manual is a joke.::Admiralbrown::2.0::January 18, 2012
RJ4D9100ZIH2E::So so.::Purchased this as a replacement carbon monoxide monitor.  It is "Made in China".  Biggest flaw I have noticed thus far is that the back up battery compartment door has a very flimsy, cheap plastic latch to it, which I am quite sure willbreak.  However when it does break, I am sure a piece of Scothc tape will keep the dorr closed.  I have had a different model in the past, and prefer the other model over this one.  This is the one I prefer and would recommend:  Kidde KN-COPP-3 Nighthawk Plug-In Carbon Monoxide Alarm with Battery Backup and Digital Display::Richard W. Dockett::3.0::December 19, 2011
R3BN6902VB47JG::Consumer Reports best buy::NYS law for all condos, co-ops and rentals require CO 2 alarms installed.  This is the smartest protection as it has battery back up if there's a power outage. Most stores like Home Depot and Lowes only carry the less reliable and more expensive Kidde alarms. If you're in NY I suggest you purchase through Amazon and save time shopping and money.::Mary Winch "Real Celtic Thunder fan"::5.0::July 11, 2010
R3C14VZAJMLVCO::Simple to Use, Simple to Test, Great Value!::My old carbon monoxide detectors were a different brand, and they were due for replacement.  I trusted the First Alert brand and gave these a try.  I bought three of them (one for each level of the house).  They work great, they are simple to test periodically, and I was very satisfied with the value for the money.  I would recommend these detectors to anybody.::Dan Huse::5.0::July 22, 2008
RJPY2SWRBZUJR::What a JOKE!!!!::Received this item today it has been used and it does not have batteries as stated.  I ordered a new item and I think they have had so many retunes they just put them in a plastic sandwhich bag and send the used ones out to new customers.  I will not order from them again throwing this away too much trouble to drive 30 miles one way to the PO to return the old used sandwhich bagged item.  WHAT A JOKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!::jerrie::1.0::June 27, 2013
R2RBZ55QMZIAAV::Works Well, But Irritating Qualities::The unit appears to function well (though it hasn't had to detect any CO yet).  However, it has numerous irritating qualities.As mentioned in the manual, it disables itself after a few years (supposedly because it has become less effective at that point - but it's also a way to get you to buy a new one sooner).The CO level only shows up if you press the indicator button. Other units display the current CO level at all times.  The First Alert only displays a blank screen.The display is difficult to read in most lighting conditions.You are forced to use the battery backup (whether you want the feature or not - and it is NOT an important feature).  Once the battery is low, the incessant chirping is unnerving - forcing you to replace the batteries.  It also does not work well with rechargeable batteries:  The lower voltage (1.2 volts) of rechargeable batteries causes the unit to consider them discharged long before they actually are (which means you're getting the incessant chirping - usually at night - every month).You risk damaging the product fighting to get it out of its plastic packaging after purchase. It's hard to open and can cause injury (sharp edges when cutting the hard plastic).::Jack Gadzala "Jack"::3.0::December 30, 2010
R48KA898GRHH0::Bad Design!::After the batteries are installed, the battery door (which is on the front of the unit) does not close.  It just flops open.  The door catch is a horrible design.  Even if you could get it to close, I wouldn't trust that the latch would be durable enough to handle multiple battery changes.  I am returning both of the units I ordered.  Not Amazon's fault, but First Alert's.::Tennessee Kevin::1.0::March 24, 2012
RM8I4G0VZ7307::Peace of Mind::This is very user friendly and easy to use.  Monitors the area and provides information on the level of CO present.  I highly recommend at least one on each level of your home.::G. Rome::5.0::August 29, 2007
R1UZRZK2RRMTAM::No reading or memory::I ordered 2 of these and neither one ever showed a reading, nor a peak reading in memory, even when testing it in the garage during and after running my car for 30 minutes! One came used or previously opened and returned as well.::ddeff1986::1.0::January 16, 2014
RN9PADNHBLIFY::Quit working after a few months - don't waste your money::I purchased and installed one of these a few months ago and it's broken already. Don't waste your money on this.::R. Grove::1.0::January 27, 2014
R2RHXEX7QLSF8U::Bare bones.::My old nighthawk showed a constant display of ppm. This has a display window but it's blank. Supposedly if there is a problem with carbon monoxide it will show a display. Hope so.It got a top rating from CU and the price is right. Next time I'll pay more for the constant display on the nighthawk.::smithcover::4.0::November 17, 2013
RU30JQJ1RKX7W::Battery issues?::I doubted the negative reviews I read about batteries dieing quickly.  I bought two of these and it seems that while one behaves properly, the other drains the backup battery even when the unit is plugged into an outlet.  It seems that the "faulty" unit is draining the backup battery more slowly this time, so I'm wondering if it's possible that there might be a problem with my outlet.  Either way, I thought I'd share my experience for the benefit of others.  Other than the potential battery issue with one unit, the other one works perfectly fine.  I'm happy that my wife and I are protected against CO1.::Paul Willis::3.0::October 13, 2013
R3MX1QFD78YSNW::Defective::Unit died on me.  very disappointed because this unit was ranked veryly highly on independent sites for carborn monoxide detectors::M. Moore::1.0::April 21, 2013
R1CZWYNSHQQ8YT::First Alert CO Monitor::So far it works good in 3 months - every few days we test it and works good.  Only thing could be improved is to have the green light that shows that the monitor is on is so deep inside that we can hardly so from a distance and the reading of amount of CO in the room even while testing is so deem that we can hardly read the number. Dial numbers need more light on them and this could be because the green light is too far in. I may talk to the Company for this in few days.::RV::4.0::May 6, 2011
R13MHBYPBTD3MU::Great value::I could not find these locally, so I tried Amazon.com. This model got a best review from Consumer Report. Easy to setup and use.::L. Davis "teom49"::5.0::January 9, 2010
R1UOJII0Y27VQW::Great Product::I was using an older First Alert battery product and kept having false alarms. This unit is so much better than my old one and was easy to install and very easy to operate.::J. Doedtman "joe d"::5.0::February 23, 2009
R26YZMTPA2LD2V::It does the job::We have long had a carbon monoxide plug in on the main floor of the house, but had read that we should have one on the second floor where we have three bedrooms. This does the trick.::Julie Lane "Writer"::5.0::June 5, 2014
R34P99YBD2BVYJ::great product::easy to assemble and install, very compact design, top rated by professional firefighters, battery compartment slides in and out easily.  highly recommend.::ndickie::5.0::June 3, 2014
R3OXP9I9ERAMP9::Good Product::Product was a replacement for a failed unit (age) of same brand. No problems. First Alert has been my choice for smoke/fire/CO2 alarms for 30 yrs. I've been very pleased w/ overall performance, and glad to report no actual fire use.::TexasHonda::5.0::June 1, 2014
RBAQG06YPNH83::A CO monitor should be in every house::I have a couple of these, one in the garage and one in the house.  Also have a Nest protect, so this is now a bit redundant. Plugs into wall directly, or you can detach the plug unit on a cord for remote positioning.::John Ferguson::4.0::May 29, 2014
R10X9O5MU2ECY3::Works great so far::4-stars because when testing it was a bit confusing. It *simulates* high levels, so it caught me by surprise and I thought it was actually measuring those levels.::D. S. Gruen "Coding Apprentice"::4.0::May 28, 2014
R2ITYKLK8FP6K1::Has not gone off yet::Hopefully this works. When I press the test button, it does what it is supposed to. It has never shown a Carbon Monoxide reading, but hopefully that is a good thing.::Barnard Family::4.0::May 22, 2014
R1JAT64RZQ571T::As Advertised and on Time::Product arrived on time and as advertised.  Original alarm which came with our RV failed within 2-years of purchase.  On second unit.  Will see how long this one lasts before it fails.::RWT "Tennessee Photo"::4.0::May 21, 2014
R3TOAYSYKE3PPX::Security::Easy to install and gives you a sense of security.  A real life saver and it should be in every home.::LaVaun A. McMahon::5.0::May 17, 2014
RHTFKR1077E4Z::Added Security::After fifteen months, and one battery change, this unit is working just fine. Having a plug in with a back up really gives a comforting sense of security.I originally chose this model because it was highly rated by Consumer Reports, it received an 87 out of 100 points, the highest of similar models tested.It looks as if a number of people have been disappointed in this unit, but at least so far, it's working fine for me.::Shannon Lastowski "Queen of Caffeine"::5.0::May 14, 2014
R22ZXF1M0OJBIG::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Plug-In Alarm with Battery Backup::seems to work just fine, wont really know unless you have a carbon monoxide problem, hopefully I will never have to use it.::SS::5.0::May 14, 2014
R37XO3N64JVHGO::Great price for a top end product::Hopefully I will never have to know if it works or not, but feel very comfortable that this is a good product.::Thomas G. Watkins::5.0::May 12, 2014
R2Y27D2EV18JFX::Still working::Bought this from Amazon 3 years ago and it's still going strong.  We've had the power go out and the battery backup works.  We've never had the alarm go off - which is a good thing.  But we do test it from time to time and the test does activate the alarm.::Misfit::5.0::May 12, 2014
RY9JOZDQQ9VLW::this is a must have in any household::CO can come from many different sources in different homes. This was installed close to the return air duct as was recommended by the company that services the heat pump. I like the back-up on it. easy to see-is back lit-I change the battery once a year. It arrived quickly-in very good condition-as described-very happy with purchase.::red refus "red"::5.0::May 10, 2014
RJRD9MAAXDZCC::Wanted UL listed::That's why I paid more. I also like the level meter telling me just how bad things are...worth the money, and was much cheaper on Amazon.::R. Beaton::5.0::May 10, 2014
R6A2XI4LZT5FP::Basement Necessity::It is a necessity to have a Carbon Monoxide detector in the basement. We had a First Alert detector for the last 10 years until I noticed that it had been 10 years and realized that the life span is around 7 so I ordered this up with my prime subscription and bam it was here in 2 day and I feel at ease again.::Ben Beberg::4.0::May 1, 2014
R3FNHTBAE24R3Y::Good buy::Product was as advertised. The only negative is that the power indicator light is a bit hard to see when plugged in to a low wall outlet.::ROY::5.0::April 26, 2014
R7YNPEV5IT7LY::Nice unit...::This arrived, I put the batteries in place, plugged it into the wall, tested it and have not heard a peep out of it since.  It does have have a nice visual monitor to tell you what your levels are. I actually bought a second unit a few months later for another house.::LJR::5.0::April 23, 2014
R1EVL8QAZBO1H4::good price replacements::it was time to replace ones i had for safety reasonand my daughter just got these and recommendedthem.  this is brand we have always used andwe trust::Patricia::5.0::April 19, 2014
RWFSKS63AXIJJ::Works great::I feel very confident about this item that we will be safe. Tested and it works well. Happy it has a backup battery in the power goes out. Thanks!::A viewer::5.0::April 15, 2014
R24Z6ZLQXCM9AQ::Worked well for about 7 years::This worked well for about 7 years and then went bonkers and i had to throw it out. I guess 7 years is a pretty good run.::P. Mulloy::4.0::April 15, 2014
R1073TPUJPXW7W::Very Satisfied::Pretty much all you have to do is plug it in. We try to remember to test it once a month, and after about a year have not had any problems with it working. This thing is VERY loud and would definitely wake you up if it went off at night.::Christine Baffuto::5.0::April 13, 2014
R1EI8OAMRQRO3S::Meets safety needs::We purchased three of these for our home. So nice to have the digital read out. Feeling much safer with these in the house.::Angela Harding-Poll::5.0::April 13, 2014
ROEWXSJW48OXG::Works very well::Ordered to replace my 7 year old first alert that was beeping.  They are suppose to be replaced every seven years. this will be a big help.::Bob Keller::5.0::April 12, 2014
R2GG1REV18Q7KH::Very satisfied::My old detector passed its "life" and it was time for a new one.  Was delivered quickly and right now it is protecting my home again.::Long Islander::5.0::April 12, 2014
RLZREADR72RNB::perfect::dont get one that only uses battery or only uses plug.  I also prefer the screen so I can visual see PPM.  Mine has never seen anything about 0 and that is a good thing.::Charles Eric Phipps::5.0::April 9, 2014
R3GYNGJHEQK9LI::Delivered as expected.::This product provides digital information. Its price was excellent compared to similar ones. They are working great.  I am a safety inspector for many houses.::Herbert Otto Homolka::5.0::April 8, 2014
R3PK5F31Q5T77T::Seems OK::Well, it seems OK and it has not gone off yet, so what else is there to say?  I hope it works well as I bought it after four people died in a local home due to CM poisoning.  I realized we did not have detectors and felt it was a very good idea for us to have them.  So, not having them go off is probably a good thing?  ; )::L. Heminway::4.0::April 8, 2014
R37SNP80TWVVH1::Works good for me::Installed this with no issues. Very simple.It must be working correctly I am still alive to write this review.Good rating in consumers.::JOE BAZZINI "JOE BAZZINI"::5.0::April 7, 2014
RF4K0LP2DRJD0::A qaulity product::It is an excellet product well designed for immediate use, with good instructions. I bought one for myself and three more for our son's home.::Carl L. Weschcke::5.0::April 6, 2014
R36QYXACVNGGZ::Easy set up::Couple of back up batteries included, (Duracell) easy to set up. Hard to see green on light in daytime. Not bad.::Namu::4.0::April 5, 2014
RA59W84AX2E3Y::Great tester for the money::I liked the price and design of this tester.  You can put it in the bottom on an outlet and still use the top for other items.  I wish it had a digital readout of '0' if there is no CO present::Kelly Haws::4.0::April 3, 2014
RINAWSZVTGSH9::Ugly but easy to use.::This thing is ugly as a butt.  Not Kate Upton's. More like Danny DeVito's.  It doesn't look that bad in the pictures, but they shot it at just the right angle to conceal how far it sticks out from the wall, and that makes all the difference.  It's a genuine eyesore.That said, setup was easy.  Just pop the batteries in and plug it in.  I can see how some people might have had trouble with the battery door, but I had good luck with mine.  Just be careful so you don't break it.  I assume it works.  It hasn't reported any CO events, but then what am I going to do, flood the house with gas to test it under real world conditions?  I think not, so I'm going to trust the display and the consumer magazines.Still, had I known how unsightly this is, I'd have bought something else.::J. Jerome::3.0::April 2, 2014
R2FSBU6JP4WPXI::Great product::Easy to install, easy to move, readings easy to check.  Shipped quickly.  Affordable price.  I couldn't really ask for more.::RC::5.0::April 2, 2014
R6V58BEKH7060::bought for self::I bought this and it was very easy to install the batteries and just plug it in.  No problems at all::cheri::5.0::April 1, 2014
R2SHY0OYBZLSU::Great product!::We recently had a local family die from carbon monoxide poisioning, so everyone was eager to make sure they had one in their home.  We didn't, so I researched and found that this alarm included all of the elements I was looking for. It was easy to install and I love that it has a plug-in and back-up batteries.  It makes me feel safe and secure.::Tami J. Romriell "busy student"::5.0::March 31, 2014
R1D5G6ME0E78C3::Good monitor::This is a very nicely made monitor.  There is remote mounting for the device which is great since CO is lighter than air.::AW::5.0::March 31, 2014
R26TD4IZFSM18P::As expected.::Just what I expected. Plugs in and has battery backup. Easy to use and install.  Not too bulky or noticeable.::tballred::5.0::March 30, 2014
R2CTD5GG7KU166::Piece of mind!::Great product. Very simple to use. Plugs directly into an outlet or has a cord that gives you freedom to move it around. Very nice digital screen readout. It lights up when the buttons are pressed. It's a must have for a deadly and silent killer like Carbon Monoxide! I highly recommend it.::Bongo::5.0::March 30, 2014
RUZIUT9F72W9G::Alarm::Alarm is exactly as described and works great. It makes me feel secure. I would love a little less on shipping::LIN::5.0::March 28, 2014
R2EE31EPX77NDL::Carbon Monoxide Alarm::Installed the unit. Works OK. I like this type that is both a plug in and has a battery backup.::Pumper::5.0::March 28, 2014
R3CRUMLGAPCIVI::Easy to use::It is really great, it has a plug on the back for easy wall installation if you have your plug too high.::David G. "David"::5.0::March 27, 2014
R350EXPRS2S0FM::Easy to set up::This carbon monoxide alarm is very easy to set up and test.  Everyone should have a carbon monoxide alarm and this is a good one.::Ivy Greene::5.0::March 18, 2014
R31H2FZ5GPXXOL::Bought three...::Bought 3, as I said; they all work fine.  Test button works as does alarm.  Subdued green light no problem in dark bedroom.  Have not subjected them to actual CO test, but who intentionally does?  Guess I trust Underwriters...::Thomas E. White::5.0::March 15, 2014
RC4Q3R353J4TV::Great protection.::I ordered two of these over a year ago and they are doing great. Very flexible in their mounting options.The only downside is the difficult battery compartment access when they are new, but this gets easier after they are opened a few times.::James H. Schmoker::5.0::March 10, 2014
R3LNK32CE5QBYP::Good Value::The test operation works well.  Hope I never have to figure that the unit works!  But I will be more than glad if it does.::Michael D. Powell::5.0::March 7, 2014
R53SIRN1WEGG6::Exactly as advertised::The unit had a loud alarm, battery back up, and peak indicator. The power plug-in has a cord, so you can set it at the recommended height.::Lee F::5.0::March 7, 2014
RXCM9VJ6Y3OZ0::first alert::easy installation, just plug and and it lights up and is ready to go.I feel much safer now. no wires required::Amazon Customer::5.0::March 4, 2014
R3DL6E6KQBOUK8::Safety first::Very easy to set up. Just insert the batteries, plug the unit into an outlet. The display is easily read and appears accurate when I tested it for carbon monoxide.::By David &Tina Edwards::5.0::March 3, 2014
R22DHBKZ20D1AI::Easy to uses::Easy to install and can plug in sideways if needed. Mounts to wall also if you need that option. Has warranty. Should replace yearly as my local fire dpt. told me as I had a scare.::Jennifer::3.0::March 2, 2014
R1NP98NL26M2Z6::Poor design::Did not like the flimsy plastic housing, specially  the battery door. Unsightly looks. Preferred a battery unit which I replaced it with.::P J Cipriani::2.0::March 1, 2014
RJO640P1XY1ZG::Nice detector.::I prefer a detector that actually shows the CO2 level rather than just setting off an alarm and this one works great.::S. Gardner::5.0::February 28, 2014
R1UW4E7SULTWAP::It's been a year::Bought this a year ago and works as it should. Battery backup is key. Have the first alert and night hawks on every floor. Would buy again::Will's Mommy::5.0::February 26, 2014
R2SP9LVFQURMEU::Another Christmas present\::My son feels safe and secure with this one.  It was on his wish list and its his favorite gift.::Joan Pittman::5.0::February 25, 2014
R2SF6UZOED4UUJ::First Alert CO615 CO detector great::Set up was simple. I had No problems. Everything worked as it was described.Great reviews on consumer reports and other reviewers.I plugged directly in to outlet, but it has an extension cord built in.Highly recommend::Tony K::5.0::February 25, 2014
R3MXNK22EILNFW::Works as described::This device worked on arrival. We have had no issues and got it only as a precaution. It has not ever randomly beeped or gone off in the middle of the night. Manufacture date was only slightly before the date I received it. Happy with the purchase, would recommend to others.::bywater7::5.0::February 25, 2014
R2HYZWFUASRA9X::works well::Works better than expected. Room mate fell asleep with a non stick frying pan "warming up." The device alarmed to the gases given off by the non stick coating!::Paul C.::5.0::February 24, 2014
R9WDKDZAD9EYZ::so far fine::need to replace my old one bacuase it was giving flase natural gas readings. This one is just carbon monoxide and seems to be OK::etta::5.0::February 24, 2014
R2JE3QFNVUEV3B::This detector saved lives::We bought one of these on Amazon a few months ago and installed it in our basement, where the gas furnace and water heater are located and where we also have an apartment that we rent out.  Last evening I came home from work and heard the alarm sounding.  The CO levels were well over 100, so I called the fire department.  It seems a construction crew in a row house next to ours was using a gas generator that was dumping CO.  The fire department crew found elevated, lethal levels in six adjoining row houses; they explained that in old row houses like ours (100 years), the walls between the houses are not airtight at all, as gas easily passes from one to the other.  And as they told me before they left, if we hadn't installed the CO detector  there would very likely have been casualties.  I'm running to the hardware store this afternoon to buy a more for our house and the neighbors, as I don't want to wait even a day for delivery.  It seems the CO levels were even higher on the top floor of our house, so we need to install more upstairs.::Jay Heavner::5.0::February 19, 2014
R8PEM5KJ478IO::Bought 2::I bought 2 of these base on the reviews. They have worked awesome, i have one in an apartment and one in a town house.::Sarah Daniels::5.0::February 17, 2014
RB27RCIJI5NS6::works so far::It's hard to write a review on something you hope you will never use, but it was delivered on time and was easy to install.::Michael Wilson "against the grain"::4.0::February 16, 2014
ROCJNNDXQVM11::Solid device for the price::Safety is always important and this device gets the job done.  This model contains a built-in extension cord for up to a few feet, i personally do not use it but it may be nice to know it is available.  Brand Name at a reasonable price!::Thisguy::4.0::February 12, 2014
R828G0SBJFF8K::easy to install::easy to install. Just wish the display would show constantly to indicate that it is working.  You have to press the test button to make sure its working.  Carbon Monoxide is a silent killer.  Research placement.  Carbon monoxide is heavier than oxygen so plugging it into the wall outlet works perfectly.::Tony::4.0::February 12, 2014
RFFTC0IPVA1EO::Works well::I bought a couple of these for my home for the protection. They work well and alarm quickly if there are any issues.::R.D. Quick::5.0::February 8, 2014
R2PHRFTUQFRF35::Great replacement::Easy to read. Easy to use. Our other one was 15 years old, so I needed a replacement. This was a good price for a good product.::CF::5.0::February 8, 2014
R118GUK5HUCFHB::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Plug-In Alarm with Battery Backup and...::this product was very easy to set-up. insert back-up batteries and plug-in to wall outlet. it is that easy.it is a very popular brand and it got good reviews.::SPARROW "JLINDY"::5.0::February 6, 2014
R370KU5BQ1VSBA::It's working::Pretty easy to install. Just plug it in. It's made so that you can plug it directly into an AC socket, or you can unroll the included cord and plug it into a nearby socket.::William Hall::5.0::February 5, 2014
R1H8HRVEL0L8UY::Great Product!::First Alert is a brand you can always trust.  It gives you a strong sense ofsecurity having this detector in your home.::Dan::5.0::February 4, 2014
R3EJS0QR64XYFM::A Must For Every Home With Gas Heating::It was time to replace our old CO detector, and so far this one seems to do work fine.  It's simple with no frills which is exactly what I wanted.  I hope we never need to use it, but it's there quietly protecting us just in case.::Michael Chiodo::5.0::February 1, 2014
RR9KYJ6PAP5U6::simple but great::Easy to use, easy to locate with the long power cord and battery back up. Can't beat it. Batteries had "use by 2024" so you know it's pretty new.::Jay::5.0::January 31, 2014
R3D5MKQMD6R48K::Confused about price.::The product is everything as promised; I have no problems with shipping, quality or performance.  I had older CO detectorsand was not confident with them, especially with the cold weather this season.  Pricing on the product confused me though.One quantity was $30.49, but a two-pack was around $78.00.  Not being a math genius, I made two single orders.::Wormy::5.0::January 31, 2014
R3OGVZOR4875HU::Bought Two::We bought 2 of these. One each for the first and second floor. These work great and the price was excellent.::Doc Holliday 52::5.0::January 22, 2014
R1DN36MF7QMHAP::Battery Door Needs Redesign::With the exception of closing the battery door after installing the battery this product was easy to set up.Test mode worked fine - hope I never get to see how it works for real :-)::David::4.0::January 22, 2014
RGFWOI0FR71UK::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Plug-In Alarm with Battery Backup and... First Alert::This came with great reviews from people that should know, that is the reason I purchased it.  I hope I never hear the sound go off other than testing.::chuck::5.0::January 19, 2014
RIEN6WREVD7EQ::Excellent::This carbon monoxide detector is as advertised and q very quick turnaround and so far I have had no problems with it::JR::5.0::January 19, 2014
R2C8LJ8AL7BJM5::So far this is working very well so I give it a five star::I would recommend this product to others.  It works well and gives us peace of mind.  Also, the price is reasonable and in the future I will buy another one...Elizabeth::Elizabeth::5.0::January 18, 2014
RIU2W9XPIV0V0::Digital display is nice, Bulky::I replaced a detector that had no display, just an led. It had been going off intermittently. Maybe I was going to die...Enter this thing with a digital display. Nope, not gonna die. The old one was just beeping to let me know it was old. Relief.Sticks out from the outlet about 2", probably ought to be mounted on the wall with the provided screws. Dinging it a star for being so bulky.::Scott Styles::4.0::January 18, 2014
RQ9YI9QA7MD14::Another thing that I do not have to think about.::I have had others for over 20 years and just wanted to get them replaced.  No complaints!  I bout more than one and paced them Up and downstairs.::Hiromi Capelle::5.0::January 16, 2014
R1OJXGMEII5WNE::Carbon Monoxide Plug-In Alarm::I have many first alert products (smoke detectors and fire extinguishers).  I am happy with their performance, reliability and ease of use.  Would recommend for the cost and safety of your family.::Erik::4.0::January 10, 2014
R26GVUFSHF96KZ::Alright::Seems to be a little flimsy. Just isn't as sturdy as others that we've owned. Sticks out a little bit farther from the wall than I would expect. Small frustrations considering the life saving that this unit could do. Seems to work well and no problems so far.::The Murphy Family "SM"::4.0::January 5, 2014
R2RYH2OAL9ORL3::First Alert CO615 CO2 Plug-in Alarm::I give four stars because it is too early to say if it is a good or bad product. After about 2 months it is working as advertised, but I would  wait longer before writing some realistic review.::Armandofly::4.0::January 3, 2014
RTS5HBD4M0LL1::Many models of CO2 detectors, chose the right one for our needs::This model is exactly what we were looking for, and is functioning perfectly.  The readable window is ideal, and makes monitoring easy.::Rick::5.0::January 3, 2014
R33LNZ3VDJCY88::Really have not had to use it.::We have it plugged in and it appears to be doing it's job. It seems to be very well made. Would buy again.::John B. Pfister::5.0::January 1, 2014
R2DUJSBH72OF7M::Everybody needs one of these -::Our old CO detector was probably 15 years old as I did not realize that they had a limited useful life span.  After reading several reviews, I ordered this one and as far as I can tell, it is working just like it is supposed to.  Who knows?  It just sits there on the wall looking at us.I like the fact that it does have the battery backup, just one more safety feature.::Philipp2 "philipp2"::5.0::December 27, 2013
R10PZIMIUWJPRF::first alert::This item works great! I have not had to replace the battery in 3 years! Works wherever ther is an outlet.::jilda standish::5.0::December 22, 2013
R1ZOI70210BOBJ::Safty first::Did not have a CO detector.  Guess it works.  If it goes off, I'll probably have a heart attack.  Have thought for several years they were a good idea so this is what I got myself for Christmas.::Chrisanne::5.0::December 20, 2013
R3EIMN46QW8XQF::I'm still alive!::I have had this for over a year, plugged into the wall with no malfunctions or issues at this time.::Paul::5.0::December 19, 2013
R1LAOVVDYPB1CX::works well::I bought this for my rental property and its easy to install and works well. The directions are very self explanatory when setting it up and helped my passed the Mn fire home occupancy laws in MN.::maletone "maletone"::5.0::December 16, 2013
R11HRUGLOH0E2E::Absolutely necessary::This carbon monoxide plug-in alarm was just what we needed for the bedroom level of our house. With its backup battery, it gives a considerable sense of security.::MARILYN G. DERIGHT "always reading"::4.0::December 14, 2013
R1HW1X69SBVMW2::2nd one bought::We had bought 2 of these  6 or 7 years ago when we installed a stove in our 4 season porch and were having problems with the burner.  This alarmed constantly and the contractor finally called the stove manufacturer and found out that they had sent out 9 bad burners.  Once that was replaced we had no more issues.  We have an attached garage to our house and I have one of these upstairs and one in our 4 season porch.  I feel more secure with these in my home.  They last as long as they say they will.  They are reading your air all the time.  I love the battery back up.  Can't say enough about this item.  Good buy for the money.::Sally Mc Fadyen "Smc"::5.0::December 14, 2013
R26MM9SVSSHX4B::CO615 Carbon Monoxide alarm - A good detector, worth the price.::The First Alert CO615 was purchased to replace the previous carbon monoxide detector that had reached the end of its effective usefulness.  The new First Alert has all the features that we needed at a fair price.  Unlike other reviewers of this product, I did NOT find any difficulty in placing the batteries in their compartment.  As with any electronic device requiring batteries, one must take time to understand the operation of the device and take due care when working with the device.  The First Alert has worked as well as its predecessor.  This device was a good buy and well worth the price.::A. Wald::5.0::December 13, 2013
R4H8R8L011SAU::Excellent smoke detector unit::Bought this for my brother in laws older trailer.  It can be remotely mounted away from the outlet that is behind his bed.  It currently reads 00 both at my house and his so I am trusting it is accurate.  A very easy unit to set up and read.::Mic::5.0::December 12, 2013
R2NOIMSSRFSX7W::works!::Its good to have one of these in case you are concerned about carbon monoxide. I gave it 4 stars because I hate the high pitch noise(all of these have that noise) but it works and I am thankful for that.::Julie K. Ladd "Julie Ladd"::4.0::December 10, 2013
R2O3VET7EZYASP::Reliable name::I've had this for 2 years. No issues at all with it yet.  I have it in my hallway upstairs and it is always powered and ready to alert.  I do have room to plug another item in.::AlmostEverything84::5.0::December 10, 2013
R1GD7F540VWBBS::Much improved in features::Great product, especially when it alerts you when you need a change of batteries.  This is my first combo (fire/Carbon M) and it is very easy to use/learn.::EPP::5.0::December 9, 2013
R3UDEACUKZJXX::good product at fair price::it's first alert so mostly a winner - does what it says and ample visual options with clear instructions - have bought 3 one for each level of the house::shore times::5.0::December 4, 2013
R20RBTZU7EBNR9::recommend so far::I like to be able to read the numbers, it has not given me any problems so far, versatile plug is nice::bh of chicago "bh"::5.0::December 4, 2013
R1YHG4PG2ZZWB2::Very Happy So Far!::I read reviews complaining about battery life. It's been a year and haven't dropped a bar on the meter. No false alarms either. Very pleased with this purchase.::Stube01::5.0::December 3, 2013
R2G6DYMPPNNL7O::Easy to Install::It is easy to install--just plug it in.  Not sure how well it works--so far we have had no warnings about Carbon Monoxide.::Henk "shopper"::4.0::November 29, 2013
R3HUDXFQLVUKI6::as advertised::Works as adversized, no complaints, easy to set up and install. I used the test feature and the beeping is very loud. I am pleased with the purchase.::Amazon Customer::5.0::November 27, 2013
R2ILSYYG465C9C::Great detector that plugs directly into wall::I live in a home with some additions, which were not blessed with their own smoke or Carbon Monoxide detectors.  I used these for carbon monoxide and was pleased to find they plug directly into the wall with no additional installation required.  The price was also about 10% cheaper than lowes.::malom::4.0::November 24, 2013
R3EN7CJNELIP86::Gr8::Installed in all the bed rooms in a 3 level home. Works perfect. And Its the best out in the  market as per my knowledge.::J. CHITKARA "JC"::5.0::November 17, 2013
R26EJG2LGVCPHS::Alarms::Works very well, so far.  Hope it never goes off.  In the bedroom, but it will when it needs batteries.::Nancy Alley::4.0::November 15, 2013
RVDF7X2SMQ5MC::Looks nice::We have our furnace in the attached garage, so we didn't think we had to worry about carbon monoxide. We were wrong. We had the furnace maintainence check-up only to find a cracked heat exchange and the repairman shut down the furnace and after a second opinion had to replace our furnace because it was leaking carbon monoxide into the house. We purchase this detector because of the high ratings. The unit looks nice and the test was very loud, so we feel quite safe that it will keep us safe.::Sandra A. Brejnak::5.0::November 9, 2013
RQQUAITWW0MKA::Carbon Monoxide Alarm::This is what I was looking for, it's small and easily hangs very tight in the electrical outlet. I am very satisfied.::Dakota Dream "Dakota Dream"::5.0::November 5, 2013
R1PS6QHAV4LOK0::Unit was easy to install::I like it because it was easy to install & it has the alternative of mounting on the wall for easier viewing. It comes with a sticker with instructions on what to do if the alarm goes off, which is good but the downside is the print is so small it's hard to read.  all in all I think it's better to be safe than sorry.::nancy m.::4.0::October 26, 2013
R2ORNWNKK6TUGK::First Alert C0615 Carbon Monoxide Plug-In Alarm with Battery Backup::Great buy.  Have not had any problems with this product.  It was very easy to install.  I highly recommend this product.::Barbara C Strong::5.0::October 16, 2013
R2CVTG3HFB92HI::seems like a good solid product.::liked how this has a detachable cord, as to not take up and intrude on whole plug. we mounted beside the plug socket using cord and were able to fit another hall night light in other socket with no issues.::Anthony H. "Big "A""::4.0::October 6, 2013
R30M5IIA6NTO7I::Excellent::I bought two of these one for each level of the house. Easy to read, Alarm is loud. Plugs in to the wall. Good instructions.::Maineman::5.0::October 3, 2013
R3H3RA4KVUXYOQ::So far my family has not died of carbon monoxide poisoning::This CO detector is easy to set up, has battery backup, and has a long cord so you can install it high on the wall but still plug it in. You can also opt to wrap up the cord in the back of the unit and clip the plug in place to mount the unit directly to an outlet. It shows the current CO level on its lighted LCD screen, and has a memory feature so you can see the highest level detected.Unfortunately, I suspect the long thin cord would invite wee ones to pull on it, so this detector might not be the best solution if you have kids, or if anyone with children regularly visits your home. It would be better if the cord was detachable and was able to charge a rechargeable backup battery.::igen "igen"::4.0::September 28, 2013
R2YBVY3C2T6JRP::First Alert Plug-in with Battery::This item works like a charm.  Plug it in and it uses your electricity.  If the power goes out, or if you unplug it, it uses the batteries that are included.::Mike DAmico::5.0::September 25, 2013
RRCG4D0FNE7RJ::Weak beep::Not at all what I would expect to hear as a "warning" beep!  Rather weak, in my opinion.  Would suggest looking for one with a louder beep.::Fat::2.0::September 22, 2013
RYFH7R5ZVOK3::I haven't heard it yet, so . . .::it must be working well!  It is required by my apartment complex to buy a plug-in CO2 detector, and that it should be installed by the oven.  One person told me that if it's too close to the oven, I might get a false-positive reading, because the CO2 rises.  So what the hey, I just bought another CO2 detector and put it up higher closer to the bedroom.::Beatles4ever::5.0::September 16, 2013
R27F6JM1L8LY1J::Dual power supply for extra safety::Low cost insurance to save your life, carbon monoxide is colorless, tasteless, and oderless, take it from someone who learned 35 years ago the hard way. If you use fossel fuel heating, cooking, hot water, cloths drying, etc. this could save your family and your life from a silent killer, cabon monoxide. In most homes you need more then one.::H. C. McIntyre::5.0::September 14, 2013
R2D9HYGJTOPBVF::Love it!::Feel very well protected in my house with this co detector. Would recommend to everyone, put it in the basement.::cathy m strupel::5.0::August 30, 2013
R24HTOFKC257FH::Can't trust it::Design is good and alarm is loud...when it works. I test it about every two weeks. Sometimes it doesn't work though. I can hear it's trying to make the beeps but it just makes very quiet chirps. I can test it immediately after and then it works fine. Sometimes it works fine first try. When it does work, it is extremely loud though. I keep this plugged in but I have another meter in the same room. I may have just gotten a bad one but I didn't notice it until it was too late to return. Lesson is always test it when you get it, and always test your home detectors at least once a month. Stay safe.::Jon::3.0::August 26, 2013
R3EQMJMY0Y5HDK::I love it.::Great unit it replaced another brand that I could not get in touch with when I had a problem, after only .two years......::ANIELLO Scelzo::5.0::August 19, 2013
RGFPIA6V2EDNB::just plug the alert into any outlet::installation is without a doubt, EASY.  I have to get one for my rental and to make sure it works, i got one for my home where i have a fireplace.  i feel very safe to have it.  i bought another for my rental.::LoC::4.0::August 17, 2013
R13U9Q3MJVWGWS::Very good::This is a very nice item and we feel safer having it in the house. It looks good and seems to perform well.::Timmie H Williams::5.0::August 14, 2013
R21YQ5LW7O1SXS::Good detector::This detector replaced an old NightHawk model that started alarming all the time. The Night Hawk seemed to eat through batteries pretty quick even when plugged in, whereas this one doesn't seem to. The detector was easy to use, and appears to be working fine.  Good purchase for peace of mind.::Brent J Maranzano::4.0::August 12, 2013
R2F70SC376T454::easy installation::Only tested to see if it operates.  Hopefully never have to use at any time now and in the future.::First contact::4.0::August 6, 2013
RO1DQR9ORT2RA::Perfect!::Works great, very convenient.  I liked that it is a plug in unit with a battery back up rather than being hard wired.::diane::5.0::August 5, 2013
R3C16W4NIWHT5V::Great CO Alarm::It is easy to test and use.  Small enough that it doesn't take up much space when plugged in.  Good value.::Gilbert Garcia::5.0::August 4, 2013
R2ER0QI24MRG0P::Carbon Monoxide Plug-In Alarm with Battery ... First Alert::It was easy to install. It seems to be working and the light is blinking. Guess it will work out. Time will tell.::JEFF SMITH "Jeff Smith"::4.0::August 3, 2013
R1KQS5BMA112XQ::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Alarm::Easy set up and installation. "On light" can only be seen by looking at it directly from the front. Weak alarm sound.::D. Ives "Dave_I_WI"::3.0::July 27, 2013
RR1KH358JX7YH::Old unit was going off at 3 in the morning::Running well out of the box with no more early A.M. awakenings.  It should be good for years.  Thank you.::David Deweese::5.0::July 25, 2013
R1TRJQ6QSLLVVZ::Works well so far::It was easy to mount in the bedroom hallway, and we have not had a bunch of false alarms.  We purchased after our son was born, and we became more safety concious.::Dan Pollak::4.0::July 24, 2013
RMZ2YNJJCG2NG::Great product::Price was reasonable. Shipped very quickly. If one is careful there is no problem putting the battery in without breaking the cover. All four setup without difficulty.::Dave Gabriel, M.D.::5.0::July 19, 2013
RZMMB34HYCEW9::Funcational::Given that this is needed when selling a home, and a generally good idea to have regardless, I'd recommend this brand. It does the job and simplicity here is goodness. For the price, value is very good and so is quality.::Dan::4.0::July 17, 2013
R3KYHTIN4FZQSJ::Piece if mind::Not sure if it works or not, but like the fact that I can take it with me from one place to another.::cHRIS FIKKERT::4.0::July 9, 2013
R2X4XRFQ921Q5W::Good Product::It does it's job, and was a good price.  I like the fact that it has a battery back up.::Josh Goshert::5.0::July 7, 2013
R3PDTMJ032FTH7::Easy Does It::Very straightforward to set up and put in service. It is just that simple. Nothing complicated and the importance is well documented::J. Skelton::4.0::July 7, 2013
R2HCBYJZOT3XMV::This alarm is great!::I had another brand of alarm that was way more trouble and annoying.  This one is simple to use easy to operate and so far not annoying.::Barbara J Purkey "BJP"::5.0::July 3, 2013
RZDSOF5C1MCIN::Operates as advertised::I purchased this device on the recommendation of a home appraiser.  Although, it should be mounted high on an internal wall, I have it located centrally in a regular [floor] outlet.  Installing it high would entail having some electrical work done.::Rose De Azevedo "The Rose"::4.0::June 30, 2013
RU8H50CRF82ZX::Peace of Mind::I really like the peak level feature and the battery backup.  We put this in the hallway outside our daughter's rooms since we have gas heat and a gas water heater.  A must have!::Bloostreakin'::5.0::June 21, 2013
RG4MTLERVQLAP::First Alert CO Alarm::I wanted a simple device to perform a specific function and am pleased with this alarm.  I hope that I never have to see the full test, but in case I do, I have at least some confidence that the First Alert will respondl::Bob::4.0::June 20, 2013
R2BN9IDQP4OK5T::so far so good::no complaints so far as long as it works as it should. came complete and ready to go out of the package.::ira r.::5.0::June 20, 2013
R2Z1MD3P6YKNSD::So far so good!::I have a backup furnace for heat. The unit has not gone off, but seems to be working fine. Easy to read display. Thank you!!::Pete Cappo::5.0::June 18, 2013
RBXZ8KPDWIG54::Great replacement for the NightHawk::You have to replace CO detectors every 7 years. This is a cheaper but just as capable version as the one it replaced.::Herb::5.0::June 15, 2013
RPHK7PGK6EVG3::We all need one of these::The price was right and now we feel more safe, knowing we will be alerted of any carbon monoxide leaks.::jnandidl::5.0::June 12, 2013
R1CJDYJDQVJ0I0::works well::tested out as advertised  hope it never alarms for real If an event occurs I will be very glad we have it installed::JANE::3.0::May 31, 2013
R1F8MG7BXPF4VQ::This product can save your life!::The carbon monoxide alarm is an important piece of equipment in any home! This item is especially critical because we just installed a portable generator in our home. The alarm will alert the family in case carbon monoxide enters the house during a black out where the generator will be put into use. The battery backup is important to support it's function during a blackout!::Ronald::5.0::May 30, 2013
R1NZHZ69SWGJD2::Better Safe Than Sorry::I have an ancient natural gas furnace in my living room. Even the people who are at its company of origin don't know how old it is, as they now make only air conditioners for travel trailers-- but their oldest employee though the 1940s. It works perfectly and combustion is in a seal chamber, but if that chamber is ever breached, I'll sure be glad there's a carbon monoxide detector just above.This unit works on AC power and has a battery backup. It was easy to set up.I would have liked more buttons so working the menus would have been easier, but it's not as if I'll need to mess with it again before it meets the end of its natural life.::Dallas Denny::4.0::May 28, 2013
R39265N9KGVFW6::Good, low cost CO detector::This CO detector was very easy to install. You just plug it in. Its good for existing homes that aren't wired for CO detectors. It tells you the highest CO reading in an area on its display. You can reset the maximum reading it logs to see if there really is a CO problem in the area of your home where you have it installed. So far, it has had no false alarms.::Daniel Koziczkowski::4.0::May 16, 2013
R3H257PLOSXG9O::Works just fine::I had a first alert before and finally changed it after 15 years, not because it broke I just figured it was time. Seems to work just fine::Gary Stachowiak "Gary"::5.0::May 15, 2013
RKVLELY8A2MTR::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide detector::I like this unit because it is a plug-in unit with a battery backup.  You just install the backup batter, plug it in, and it quietly works in the background.  It's very simple to use, but it gives peace of mind!::Thomas S. Townsend::5.0::May 15, 2013
R2YREL3R0BZBDB::CO detector with battery backup::Very easy to use and check.  Detectors I've used in the past did not have the LED readout.  This is very easy to walk down the hall and see any messages.  I bought 3.::Dale Daughenbaugh::5.0::May 14, 2013
R3G1J58S6WYY3V::Very Happy with it::Easy to set up and get running.  The alarm is extremely loud so no worries about not hearing it.  Green light tells me it is up and running.::jbcats::5.0::May 13, 2013
R2K774LLTV2YUE::Met Expectations::Packaging easy to remove.  Seems to work well.  Batteries easy to install. Batteries seem to be lasting long.  I especially like the battery life display because, unlike my previous CO2 alarm, with this one I tell if I need to replace batteries when going on vacation.  My previous alarm terrified my cats several times when "low battery" went off for days!::Phil Ferber::5.0::May 13, 2013
R3CJ3K23DF0LZE::seems fine::It is what it is.  I hope it works properly but don't ever really wanna know if it works properly!!::Barb "person"::4.0::May 11, 2013
R1CZ99XSHP4Q6B::good choice::I really wanted on with a digital readout, and that's what I got.  Hope I never need to test it with real carbon monoxide.::Roberta Green "lovesdogs"::5.0::May 10, 2013
RGYPZRRMPCG2S::You should be aware that finding a place that meets the install guidelines is like trying to find Noah's ark::A little tricky to find a good mounting location based on all of the guidance and restrictions but seems pretty good. Definitely a good price though. 2X as much at lowe's.::Michael A. McKinney::3.0::May 6, 2013
R1ALF26MDPEGRD::Easy to use - PLUG IN::All you gotta do is open it, plug it in, and done. Perfect for the house - I bought 2 because I realized my home did not have any of these installed.::lnyxl::5.0::May 6, 2013
R20KIC5ZKKQ1L0::Wonderful product.::I received this product on time and in good condition.  I needed a new one, so I ordered this one on line.  It works very well.  I would recommend this to my friends.::Steve::5.0::May 6, 2013
R269O6TF3V1GKI::Good Buy!::Not only was the pricing of this pretty cheap, the display on it is fabulous. It lights up in a very light neon blue display, and the alarm sound on it is LOUD, but that's what you want right? I just ordered a second one of these this morning. I definitely feel safer now with this in my house::BusyBeeMommy::5.0::May 4, 2013
R779PWNLY7FXF::A lighted option, if you want one::We purchased both the CO615 and CO605.  Both are excellent.  Buy this one if you want the slight light from the LED screen.::madisontom "Madisontom"::5.0::May 3, 2013
RS9KDM5NS1C2Z::CO2 Alarm::Plugs right in and works great......now feel safe in my home against deadly odorless gas.Nice feature which measures highest recent CO2 level.::tim johnson::5.0::May 2, 2013
R19VMRB89N3OM3::Carbon Monoxide Plug in Alarm::It seems to be very functional.  Plugged into the wall and hoping it does its job.  Has battery back up::Glo::5.0::April 30, 2013
R1L8VF1TYQCFRH::So far so good!::It's plugged in and ready to go off if ever needed! I've always wanted one as I have natural gas everything, including dryer.::Gloria::5.0::April 28, 2013
R36GHJP2YZU1L4::Works, but a bit ugly::I like this, and it seems to work (although I've not actually had it go off other than when I test it). The only downside is that it is a bit more obtrusive than I thought it would be. Not a huge deal when you consider what could happen without on in the house. I like the fact that it's powered by both electricity and a backup battery.::R. Jones::4.0::April 25, 2013
R7PCC58EVRTGW::Easy and Effective::Replaced 3 CO detectors with these. Very easy to install and I like the features included. This model had all the features I wanted including plug-in with battery backup, LED read out, and a great price. Highly recommend!::P. Gambardella "ctlady410"::5.0::April 21, 2013
R9DIDRY1E78LJ::GREAT product::I love having the peace of mind that this operates on electric and has a battery back up!  It's easy to use and easy to read.  We have two...one upstairs and one downstairs.  When it comes to the safety of my family, I want only the best.::Belinda::5.0::April 21, 2013
R2W8ASMR76OWXT::Quality piece::This is a very nice unit, it is backlit and very sensitive, which with your life is a great thing, battery backup a plus. I even bought an extra to have.::TNT::5.0::April 13, 2013
R18BMFNX097SGM::works great.  easy battery access::I bought this as open box/new slightly cheaper than walmart's price and it was well worth it.  It does have a display though you need to push a button to activate.  It's installed in the bedroom so i don't need to check it daily.  In reading the reviews before purchasing, this first alert and kidde kn-copp-3 were the top models. I also own one of the kidde's, too.  I figure that one checks the other.  The kidde, with the always on display is in the hallway, just outside the bedrooms.  I check the display everytime I walk passed it.  I have owned the kidde for many years. works great, too.  I plan on purchasing another kidde soon as it's been more than 7 years now.  The battery is much harder to replace in the kidde than the first alert.  Time will tell if I have the same false positive problems as the other reviewers  but for now it's A-OK.::R. D. Edwards "coupon internet shopper"::5.0::April 12, 2013
R5OX0DC6SN2SM::so far so good::So far so good.  can say much since its not good news if it goes off :-).  But easy to install and setup.::BH::5.0::April 12, 2013
R37A0I71AIND6J::It's a good product with a minor issue::I like the design and the fact that it works as a plug-in device, with the battery back-up. The power plug can be separated from the unit which allowed me to install it higher from my outlets, and away from my dogs. The only thing I really don't like is the fact that the CO level is only displayed when you push a button, I would prefer if it was always in display.::lica::4.0::April 11, 2013
R3E2ZM6ITK8KZC::very good product::easily readable display.  no false readings or alerts.  just plug it into any electrical outlet and you're up and running.::Dion D Dodson::5.0::April 10, 2013
R16KXMJKSD0902::CO Sensor::This is a great unit at a great price.  Works as advertised and arrived quickly.  I highly recommend buying this unit.::Torcha::5.0::April 9, 2013
R60BN1S7RM4EM::Great Product! Peace of mind!::Love the product. Perfect for the house! Gives us a peace of mind with the kids and protecting our home.::Stacey Ann Gentile::5.0::April 8, 2013
RSXOHAUZ5PG3K::Carbon monoxide Alarm/plug-in::It is easy to install, use and read in the very prominent position we put it in. With winter now over and furnace less used, will  have it there for next furnace season.::Marie E, Erickson::5.0::April 6, 2013
R25JGWVRQS8S4G::carbon monoxide alarm::Had it for a short time but seems to be working OK. Hope we never have to hear it "beep".::J. Fischer::5.0::April 6, 2013
R2JN88QA6U1G0J::works::it works. easy to install and use. It's a carbon monoxide detector, so as long as it's effective, no complaints.::Betty Wan::5.0::April 6, 2013
R1G0DT7KLLQYOF::Great value for the money::After researching many alarm's this seemed to be the best for the price.  After getting it we plugged it in and it is done.  No worries about changing the battery.::Cheri::4.0::April 5, 2013
RVZPDZK488G6Q::CO alarm meets expectations::So far no false alarms and the display reads zero.  False alarms had been a problem with another brand of alarm.::Harold::5.0::April 5, 2013
R8MIKRPM43ZIU::Looks Good::I won't know if it is doing well until there is a problem, then I will find out if it works....::Karen L. Wise::5.0::April 2, 2013
R1Y3NNI2OK3JBH::I Feel Safe with it in the House::I bought this product after I had my house insulated with foam spray. I was afraid of carbon monoxide levels reaching too high once my house was sealed up tight. Having this devise in my home gives me piece of mind.::Jen::4.0::April 2, 2013
R1BLUEN8X2QLVB::Carbon monoxide detector::I love it. I tested it and it worked. Sound is loud so no one will sleep through alarm. Great  product.::Amazon Customer::5.0::April 2, 2013
R1ZG4E0NMVMP56::It works::Simple and easy to use.  It works.  So far it has given me peace of mind with no alerts.  I like it.::Jeff::4.0::March 27, 2013
R33ZPQP5E8S4YX::Great CO monitor::It is rated #1 by Consumer Report, so i brought is based on their recomandation.  Had it for a month, work as aspected.  One positive is this CO monitor uses two AA sise  batteries instead of the 9 volt square batteris of my old CO monitor.::Howard W. Chou "Pass by traveller"::5.0::March 26, 2013
R1Y3NIIIN8V4HF::great product and excellent price::hello,  when a house is put on the market and the "inspector" comes in to do his/her thing, these CO alarms must be in the house.  one story houses are easier as bedroom/living rooms are necessary.  a two story house takes a few more to be covered before escrow closes. plug in or simple battery powered it is your choice.  hopefully, they will keep us all out of danger.  first alert makes tons of house safety stuff and it is all excellent.  so, better safe than sorry.::jnaki::5.0::March 25, 2013
R2NHE9TSEXOICP::Bought as a replacement::I purchased this after my old Kidde was supposedly out of date (after five years).  This one could be difficult to read if it goes off when in a receptacle at floor level but otherwise no way to know anything about it.......I assume and hope it works accurately.::John::4.0::March 24, 2013
R1KPD66F8QZM2I::Good detector::This seems to be a good detector. Just plug it in and you do not have to worry about replacing batteries so often.::Randall  Jirsa::4.0::March 23, 2013
R2A0MIX2M5GD9M::Easy to install::The First Alert CO615 is easy to install and operate. However,it would be nice if there were a way to test the CO sensor, aswell as the electronics.::Geoff::4.0::March 22, 2013
R3F02IXRFJEGIR::easy peasy::I had to get this for a home improvement rebate.  It's super simple.  I read the instructions but it's really not neccessary.  Just plug it in right out of the box.::B. White::4.0::March 21, 2013
R3E26CVYR2UNMT::replaced our old one::The "door" on the front needs to be taped to keep it closed but not worth returning it, it works fine::Virginia L. Arana "ginnie lou"::4.0::March 20, 2013
R11BBAM4RLQP1U::First Rate Detector::Nice Carbon Monoxide Detector.  It needs to show current reading at all times, if so my rating would have been a 5.::B W Holbert::4.0::March 19, 2013
R24X1U4Q98HITH::Good alarm::Haven't has to use it yet. But it works very well. It says I have to write 9 more words.::Robb::5.0::March 18, 2013
R19FG2J291PCPO::Plugs right in...::Easy to install batteries......  seems to be working.If you want a CONSTANT numerical read out on the screen.. don't get this model.The screen ONLY lights up in test mode, or when it is signaling a warning.My last Nighthawk CO reader had a 0 showing constantly....  I kinda liked that feature, but it really isn't necessary.and this one was cheaper, and it rates the highest from what I researched.::Kafka45::5.0::March 17, 2013
R2M7Y5FS1LKLRJ::carbon monoxide alert::exactly what i was looking for.easy to install,works well.the first alert gives me a feeling of security meets my fire marshals requirements::raymond wolfrom::4.0::March 16, 2013
R18Z2MZJNB1KAF::Seems OK but::The battery door on this does not stay closed easily. This is a kind of common problem with First Alert BRK products like smoke and CO alarms.After years of mostly buying First Alert (either because they got high ratings or were cheap), I am now only buying Kidde smoke and CO alarm products, which seem to handle battery doors and other plastic parts better.I have also had a number of First Alert smoke alarms go bad on me at about the mid life point. They usually send a replacement but not after an annoying and long conversation with a customer rep. Kiddes just work and then you replace them at the end of life. 10 years for smoke, 7 years for CO.Write the date when you installed them on the back.::N. Hyland::4.0::March 14, 2013
R1A2SITICIXQFB::Good replacement::Our old CO detectors went out and so we chose these as a replacement.  They are easy to use you just need an outlet.::Debra L. Humphrey "oliveoil76"::4.0::March 12, 2013
R3UZH5BWV8XSPO::Easy to install::Reasonably priced and has worked fine. I have had none of the problems I saw on line. I hope it never goes off!,,::LP::5.0::March 9, 2013
R2LR8L3AOPRMF8::Works as Expected::It is a CO2 detector - so there is not much to say about it.  The power cord was barely long enough (there was an inch to spare) to reach from the wall outlet to the place higher up the wall where I mounted it (where my previous CO2 detector was). It sits there and works, I assume.  I do test it from time to time as the instructions suggest.  Other than that there is really not much to report.  They must have changed the "manual" and/or the unit itself because I had no issue with putting the batteries in first and having the unit sound an alarm before I could get it plugged in.  There was nothing in the instructions about this, either.  The date on the unit was about 2 months prior to my receiving it so there was no issue of "old stock" from Amazon as some reported.::Drac::5.0::March 6, 2013
R7OQHTB72NP2E::Great product and price::I received it quickly. It was very easy to set up and works great. Also, it was a great price.::BEAR::5.0::March 3, 2013
R3IWQ4NBNC2SII::Carbon Mopnoxide protector::Seems to be as described- Arrived on time and appears to do the job.  The price is very competitive and I would reccommend it to everyone!::Steve::4.0::February 28, 2013
R32PQR0P44KGY8::Problem free product::It was easy to test and set up .So far I didn't have any false allarms so it seems to work properly.::Zdenek Krzak::5.0::February 26, 2013
RW5THD03SPGOI::Easy to install, great price.::After comparing pricing and safety features with other similar products, I found the First Alert to be the best value.::suzanne longfellow::5.0::February 26, 2013
R2UBGK66RS2ODA::Decent product.::Relatively easy to set up.  Battery door is a little touchy and hard to use, but unit is still in one piece and working fine.::Betty::4.0::February 24, 2013
R2LTCQEP8Y9P67::Good product::Works good so far, has a screen that shows the levels if any are present...You just plug it in to an outlet near a bedroom so you can hear it in case it goes off. Has battery back-up in case of power failure..Everyone should have a co detector in their home...::R. F. W "veiko"::4.0::February 22, 2013
RGW9FN3JJ1MVG::Like it::Needed one for me and one for my daughtersnew home, we wanted  to be protected.like that is plugs into wall::Karen Harris::4.0::February 20, 2013
R24U5DRV1DOK9P::So far, so good::Very easy to install and seems quite reliable.  We luckily haven't had the alarm go off, but it is very clear once you complete the test what to expect--and it's not a noise one can ignore. I sleep more soundly knowing this is protecting our lives.::N. Robinson "Natasha"::5.0::February 17, 2013
R2VQF0KK8EA8GA::Good::It seems to work well,I have no problems with it so for. Hope I don't find out it doesn't work.::James H. Redick Jr. "JR"::4.0::February 16, 2013
R3UC9ERIVI5B53::Works well so far....::I have had this item for about one month. I decided on this model due to reviews and consumer reports. The device is easy to use and test . I like the digital reading.::Katie Rowland "pinkmonkey"::4.0::February 15, 2013
R1TKK8K2H2S3C1::I am pleased with this unit!::I like this product because: a). It is attractive and compact. b). It is available for use as a plug-in to any wall socket and/or has an available wall socket (extension) cord should the user care to install it in another location. c). It has a loud identifying alarm sound if and when needed. d). This product has been use in my home for the past 60 days, been operating perfectly with no apparent probelms. e). I have installed two of these alarms; one in my homes main floor bedroom and one in my basement family room that I am perfectly satisfied with.::Robert L. Owens::4.0::February 15, 2013
R7DYQ9VBX1QS4::Required by law in California::I ordered 22 of these for apartments and have no complaints. Hopefully they will never go off but tested out well when installed! I have tried other brands (Kidde) and they misfired and woke people up in the middle of the night.::CC::4.0::February 15, 2013
R3TRA8BT99POZ6::Just what I wanted::Working great so far.  Replaced a Kidde alarm because it was acting up.  I like the plug rotation feature in the back which enable you to plug it into a horizontal or vertical outlet.::G. T. SHIRAISHI::4.0::February 13, 2013
R21TLZ9QL0J1T7::Highly rated but never know unless a dreaded emergency occurs::Bought this due to a high rating in Consumer Reports, to relace a 10 year old model.Recommend a good CO2 detector for everyone on at least the bedroom level of your house or apartment!::SIslander "open roader"::5.0::February 9, 2013
R1ORULWG0F7ZXP::Great Carbon Monoxide Alarm::We have used this plugged in our kitchen.  Works great and easily.  Simple to use.  Great to have it in our home to make sure everything is good.::linda six::5.0::February 6, 2013
R29U4XMQ2584P0::Peice of mind::Ordered 3 of them. Have a cabin in the woods with wooden fire stove. Installed all three of them in 5 minutes in each bedroom.::slow reader::5.0::February 5, 2013
R1ICZXY6J2DI7A::Does the job!::I  found this very easy to install and I especially liked the design as it doesn't take up the entire outlet..::E. Lewis "Book lover"::5.0::February 5, 2013
R1HJLK3TULQR1R::Good Product::Very easy to install...you just put the (backup) batteries in the unit, then plug the unit into a wall outlet.  I bought one for each floor of my home.::Andy::4.0::February 5, 2013
R1JBJPMW91VKQE::Easy to Install; Moderately Loud But Piercing Sound; Awkward Testing Button::This FIRST ALERT CARBON MONOXIDE PLUG-IN ALARM is easy to set up.  You insert the two AA batteries for backup power during electrical outages, then plug the device into an unswitched electrical outlet.  That's it.A continuous green light tells you the unit is on AC power; a blinking green light tells you it's on backup power. The instruction sheet explains how to test the unit when you first install it, and advises weekly testing after that.  To start the test, you press and hold a half-button on the left (below the display).  This activates the alarm:  the display cycles through the possible CO levels, and the horn sounds a moderately loud but piercing alarm.  To turn the alarm off, you press and hold the left half-button again.  Testing the alarm usually takes me a couple of tries, because the half-button must be pressed quite firmly.There is another half-button on the right (below the display), that you press for a display of the highest CO level recorded by the unit.  My unit is still displaying "0" after about five weeks, which I assume is correct, because there's no reason to think the unit isn't functioning properly.  The CO level display also includes an icon that tells how much charge is left in the backup batteries.This seems like a good, inexpensive, no-nonsense CO monitor, and I trust the First Alert brand.  However, because the test button is slightly awkward to use, I rate this product at 4 stars ("I like it" on the official Amazon scale).::Lynne E. "Lynne E."::4.0::February 4, 2013
R12M6QC4IUOX8U::Works great::Bought this partly because of the law and my own paranoia.Works great.  Simple setup, batteries included.An slight annoyance with how it's designed. It's more visually and acoustically stimulating when CO2 is near lethal levels, but during normal standby position, the screen just shows the battery level.  I wish the screen would say something reassuring or positive when there is no threat detected as opposed to negative during a threat.::Mister Roboto "MrROBOTO"::5.0::February 3, 2013
R2F65ENMX0MSUV::Easy to read::I keep three carbon monoxide detectors in my home at any one time, one where the heat comes into the house (this one saved our lives when the heater had a rusted piece, letting carbon monoxide into the home), one in the bedroom above the garage, and one near (not in) the kitchen/garage.  This is the first time with this particular unit.  I like that it works on electricity, but has a battery backup, and hopefully it will last several years.::Stacy R::4.0::February 1, 2013
R3SBJZR6HBKCXB::works as it should...::... I think. It hasn't alerted us though it works when I test it. Reading is always at 0 which I guess is good.::KJ::4.0::January 31, 2013
R3AJOY6IUH77S2::Seems good, but haven't had a CO leak to know::The construction and features are good. Hope I never have a CO leak to see if they work, however. They are a little big and boxy for plugging into a receptacle so it may get in the way of furniture. But it shouldn't be too hard for people to find another receptacle with more clearance.::Zippy::5.0::January 31, 2013
R6LJ0HTCABTV::Carbon Monoxide detector::I really can't comment on this product  because I don't know enough about these detectors to give an accurate review. Plus, I have nothing to compare it to. This is a first for me, and hopefully it works as stated in the literature. So I give it a 4 since I love that it plugs into the wall.::Motionjunkie "Motionjunkie"::4.0::January 31, 2013
R1COR1OHEN2KZU::It Does The Job::It's been in operation for several months without a glitch;  I assume that it's working and as such, it does the job.::Robert A. Lipman::4.0::January 31, 2013
R1XLVGPKR8W3NT::Hoping for 7 years of silence!::Bought two of these and got them quick. Plugged them in and tested them. Now I hope to never hear them unless I push the test button.  After owning the Kidde combo gas monoxide detectors I have one suggestion.......get yourself a Sharpie and scribble the date you installed it on the back. I had my Kidde detectors 11 years without realizing it !  My how time flies. The CO615 has an end of life warning that should help, but the date will let you know if it goes off way too early, or even way too late.  There is no manufacture date, and the packaging copyright is 2010 (which I know doesn't mean much). The manual says the end of life timer starts upon "installation", so we'll see. Time will tell I guess. Anyway, everything works like the manual described. I'm happy.::dm8711::5.0::January 30, 2013
R29SNM4MRAQ0GX::EXCELLENT RATING::Shipping was prompt !  Am very happy with the alarm.  It is an excellentproduct and definitely meets my requirements for a carbon monoxidealarm which provides accurate detection of carbon monoxide and iseasily heard.::CA::5.0::January 30, 2013
R3N83PD4HYDQME::works fine so far::works fine so far, quite when not in use, loud when it is  flush to wall, small, would recommend to a friend::Kathy Lopez::5.0::January 29, 2013
R2MQQ2BMW0WRON::First Alert Carbon Monoxide::I hope to never put it to the real test but the tester button is very loud.  It seems to do the job fine.::NC Regular Lady "politically incorrect rules"::4.0::January 29, 2013
R16258QOWS1I2J::I am resigned to mandatory planned obsolescence.::I guess all CO alarms are programmed expire after 7 years. First Alert is a bit more up front about it than the competition. I wish we could just replace part of these units rather than the whole thing.::Jeffrey P. Silverstone "Jeffrey"::4.0::January 28, 2013
R39W5G9UV2PBLF::Nice monitor.::I would highly recommend this monitor. The digital readout of co levels is easy to use and is reassuring that it actually gives a number vs an led light.::P. Heitkotter::5.0::January 27, 2013
R33YFIH93T9E8G::No complaints::Items came on time in god condition. Easy to install. Display is not lit, its expected to display co level when co is present only. So far no alert. Hopefully it will indicate co level when it is present.I think, it is worth the money I paid. Yes I will recommend it.::Wally::4.0::January 27, 2013
R29LILQBY0GK5C::First Alert::We found that this First Alert Carbon Monoxide Detector/Alarm works as advertised, and is a good backup for a plug-in unit.  The order was delivered early, and we will purchase from the seller again.::Ronald S::5.0::January 24, 2013
R2U4X06WMS3I4H::Great Product!::Bought two of these for a rental house we own.  It gives us peace of mind and also our tenants having these detectors in the house.  Like that they plug in and also have a battery backup.::Cobra79::5.0::January 23, 2013
R13LEK0EW2VOKE::The Gift of Life!::Bought 6 of these for our home and to give as gifts to our grown children this Christmas, after learning that a local family died of carbon monoxide poisoning. Was very easy to install.::Cindy Bell::5.0::January 20, 2013
R3SYTIIGO6EDEZ::This is great, hope it never has to go off!::We bought this and put it right outside our bedroom.  Our furnace is now 14 years old and we don't want to become a statistic.  I would recommend that everyone get one of these!::Dakota Bailey "Dakota"::5.0::January 20, 2013
R14BO6TUZVZ88I::Nice to have::We have had some faulty carbon monoxide alarms in our house.  It has been very nice to have this as a back up to a system we don't trust.::matthew t cassity::5.0::January 19, 2013
R1VM7HQHS78CCH::easy to hookup and does the job::there's nothing not to like. its affordable , easy to use and does the job. plug and play straight from the book to the outlet and its good to go.::meetha::5.0::January 16, 2013
R3TQORHHC2O77U::First Alert C0615 Corbon Monoxide Alert::This unit is more compact than my old one and I like the battery backup feature.  It even came with batteries and is easy to use.I would buy another one to install in my basement. Great investment for peace of mind.::Paul wallimann::5.0::January 16, 2013
R3EKJ5H3AIJRZM::Excellent::This product shipped quickly and was easy to install. It came with good directions. I would recommend this to anyone.::Steve::5.0::January 14, 2013
R19FJNW1Q1AER0::c.o. monitor::very easy to plug in and your ready to go. mounting is easy on an outlet or remotely. gives a continous readout.::Janice M. Beam::5.0::January 13, 2013
R3GMMCCF6ENI4::sio far so good::bought this becuase our old ones(7 yearsold - same brand) needed to be replaced.  so far they are doing the job!  hopefully these last at least another 7 years if not more::Genochick::5.0::January 10, 2013
R2EV1ZO1CBNLXS::Easy to install and good value::Took only a minute to install and tests perfectly, without a hitch. I bought 6 of these, for my house and rental properties I own. This is superior to combined smoke/carbon monoxide detectors since carbon monoxide comes from the floor of the room, not the top.::sam saran::5.0::January 7, 2013
R3JJ7NE8O7H56N::Best buy at best price::I've installed this in my living room so I can safely use the fireplace during winter. It got best buys on Consumer Reports and that's why I chose it. Amazon's price was better than Home Depot or Lowe's.::Mr. J. R. T. Lloyd "JRTL"::5.0::January 7, 2013
RBE2WS6U3MSRK::Great product easy to use::Ease of use, just out of package install battery and plug in, its just that easy, would reccommend to anyone::Mark Gossett::5.0::January 6, 2013
R3BOR1G4G69Z6E::Carbon Mono alarm::Loo at it daily, with NO issues. A confidence builder when the levels are always the same A great product::J. Bernabe::5.0::January 6, 2013
R3FTPW4Q8A9DZY::So far so good.::I do wish the cord was about three feet longer. I feel better having this CO615 Carbon Monoxide Plug-In monitor with a battery backup.::Tina Oertle::4.0::January 5, 2013
RCQF0FHIHNOY6::very easy to setup.  great value.::very easy to install.  i like the battery backup feature.  the rotating feature seems like it would be useful too.::Joe A "pap"::4.0::January 5, 2013
R39E7II9XIIK5::Carbon monoxide review.::I feel much safer with a couple of these in the house, along with several smoke alarms.I think it is a good value.::woodworker::4.0::January 3, 2013
R2BK29QU5XXPCN::Easy setup::Only took two minutes to get this from the box to the wall.  Very easy setup and displays.  I really like first alert products.::sean::4.0::January 2, 2013
R1FWFR1O726I4V::So Far so Good::Its hard to effectively rate a monitor like this without actually having it detect something correctly.I will say it has been working without any problems for 3+ years. No false alarms and no issues.::KB_Albany::4.0::January 1, 2013
RJZYT0VR40ZJ4::Easy install, seems to work well.::Installs easily, seems to work well.  w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w::RimasP::5.0::December 28, 2012
RPPSUPP2XPUV4::Has all the features I expected.::This has everything as advertised.  Could be improved if offered as a onelink product.  Easily moved from room to room.::Underdog::5.0::December 28, 2012
RF9MZNE3PVD4B::hard to rate  - but seems fine::It doesn't beeep or whistle - I assume it's doing the job.  I don't have any Carbon Monoxide in my house, so I have to trust it.::fried003::4.0::December 27, 2012
R39B6EXHNHCZJH::Long overdue::We were long overdue to get another after our previous carbon monoxide detector failed.  I like the digital display on this one as it lets me check the highest level for the previous 24 hours.::J. Rader::5.0::December 27, 2012
R1MP8RT8OZBWK9::Works very well::Bought this product to replace and older unit.  This product was exactly as described and performs perfectly. I would recommend this product.::Butch::5.0::December 26, 2012
R1MJCO7EQNRD98::Fine for smaller places::Purchased 2 new CO615 Carb Monox plug in alarms to pair with new Kidde PI2010 Dual (smoke) sensors. Works well in my 2 bdrm condo. CO level indicator is a nice feature. This combination of (2) sensors makes me feel that I'm well protected. Reco'd by Consumer Reports.::Anthony F. Guglielmi, Jr.::4.0::December 24, 2012
R30IWHRZY08US4::Randomly displays 92-122 PPM but alarm doesn't sound.::CO should be displayed without needing to press a button.  We found after a week of use that this would display 92-122PPM with no alarm.  The next day might display 0.  Pushing the test button gets the alarm firing.  If the unit is not defective we believe it has something to do with an attached garage.  This thing is plugged in about 6 feet away from the garage entry door.  Its possible that after the car is started and we get done closing all the doors that some drifts in and the alarm sounds for awhile.  We might not be home to hear it.  That is my only thought on the topic.::Hiperf2007::3.0::December 21, 2012
R1OW4IHV665FD0::Works Great::This product was a great buy.  It works great, easy to install, and gives you the peace of mind knowing that you and your family is protected.::Marc::5.0::December 20, 2012
R3LPP50LWF2NRG::Don't be without one::Simple to install, just plug it in.  The batteries go under the LED in front of the unit.  You open the battery compartment by pulling the cover out and down, from the top front. I recommend this product.  Carbon Monoxide can kill you, you won't see it coming, hear or smell it.::Juanita::5.0::December 19, 2012
RPIRXA6W207P1::Perfect::This is just what I was looking for, with a battery back up you don't have to worry. Easy to set up and now I feel safer.::Jbpage67::5.0::December 18, 2012
R1KCN15ADMSOE8::First Alert Review::Easy to install.  Instructions were clear and easy to understand.  The cost of the product was also a  positive consideration.::David Ryan::4.0::December 18, 2012
R201BX2UEYL8RU::Easy to install and works well::This product was easy to install and seems to be working well so far.It was also rated very high in consumer reports which is why I purchased it.::Mr Fixit::5.0::December 18, 2012
RJ721UI04HJ0R::Very Easy To Use::Yes, it is easy to use.  You just plug it into the wall socket and walk away.  I don't know how effective it will be for alerting me to the presence of carbon monoxide.  I have to assume it works.  I only hope I live to tell about it.Jim::J. White::5.0::December 17, 2012
RFFO94CT7697J::Now I feel more secure::After researching the techno,logy for this dtector, It is the right choice for my home.Easy to setup and test.::NJM45::5.0::December 14, 2012
R29BKLDKMYBGRC::Good item.::Picked this up to detect any carbon monoxide within the house.  So far, we're still alive so I guess it's working correctly!::ASCipriano::4.0::December 14, 2012
R1BFRE943NPQT8::Feel so much safer::This product is everything I expected, and easy to use. Many CO detectors only plug in, but I sleep easier at night with the battery backup.::Hannah Kane::5.0::December 13, 2012
R22AHZLNXP7YVV::necessary purchase::Own one myself and decided to buy one for each of my children's homes as it is now a Calif. law.::Smart shopper::5.0::December 13, 2012
R2TCXA3ZFS896W::a must have::I like how it has a display to let you know what is going on instead of just beeping. Been using it over a month without issues like false alarms or anything like that. Great that it plugs in and has a battery for backup. You can even mount it on the wall if you want but be aware you will have a cord hanging.::J. Dubberly::5.0::December 12, 2012
R2UNDEMY3SBX9I::So far, no issues.::I give this unit 5 stars simply based on the fact that it seems to be working properly so far. Easily installed, easy to follow instructions. Of course there is no way to tell how well the unit is actually working until there is a dangerous CO level in our home. So far, thankfully, that has not happened.So... so far, so good.::Mark "Snowy"::5.0::December 6, 2012
R3T8607GMYDUNY::Consumer Reports Recommended::Great price and highly recommened by Consumer Reports. Easier to find on line and have it mailed home instead of running around to different stores looking for it and a good price.::Gbox::5.0::December 5, 2012
R1JVG8987X0GS8::Works as advertised!::First, I was able to use it in 220volts. Second, it works pretty well as advertised. There was one time that the car was left running in the garage and the alarm sounded! We immediately ventilated the living room and the levels went down gradually. This device can save lives! I don't know though if it can detect gas leaks. Never tested and don't want to test it myself. lol::Cheftonio::5.0::December 4, 2012
R2ONHB18UWQJ7E::Perfect::My Refi company required this and I selected the brand and model after consulting several consumer advice sites.  They were right.  It seems to be well built and meets all of my expectations and requirements.  I'd definitely by this again if I were to need it.::Topnish "Topnish"::4.0::December 4, 2012
R2T2NW0MGQP4HD::. I purchase the  the detectors because they were rated well on amazon.  JD::This detctor had good reviews on Amazon. I purchased two of them as we have a long ranch style home with a furnace at one end of the house in the basement,  a gas dryer, and gas fireplace at the other end of the home. I really don't know much about these things, but we have had no warnings of carbon monoxide. I purchase the  the detectors because they were rated well on amazon.  JD::JD::5.0::December 3, 2012
R2TQF8SRS82V8P::Great Product, small and convenient::Detector easy to assemble, instructions are easy to follow, and they have some good long term safety recommendations to keep in mind.  Product size and shape are well suited for any location within a home.::M. Hofkes "nissanrules"::5.0::November 29, 2012
R3D0I8BOBEP5I8::More fun than you'd think::Ordered two of these carbon monoxide detectors after getting our wood stove installed and working. When the Bright Starts Tummy Time Prop and Play Mat, Tiny Turtle and Friends arrived in its place I was skeptical it would provide the protection against carbon monoxide for my family that I really wanted. I have to say though, that after an afternoon of play on the Bright Starts Tummy Time Prop and Play Mat, Tiny Turtle and Friends, even though it was a little small for my 200lbs, I felt so much more secure and relaxed.::pdxbrit::5.0::November 28, 2012
RKCJSODY57XPE::Good so far::Very fast shipping and easy to set up. My only complaint is there should be a chart to tell you what levels are high and lo and level should constantly display::JDB::4.0::November 27, 2012
R1XBKQSWUFNUD1::first alert::this is a great brand CO detector and also has a battery backup included; everyone should have at least one; am giving this to my daughter for her apartment::Helen Keller::5.0::November 27, 2012
R3OFOQFBEC8S3V::Carbon Monoxide Alarm::Hard to tell if the product works.  It was easy to set up and working  - green light is always on and make a noise when you press it.::Joel Recinos::4.0::November 25, 2012
R3J3SHRGJSGX2K::Seems to be working.::Bought a couple of these to replace a pair of older units.  Can't really tell if they work or not but they seem to be well made and test correctly when the button is pushed.::Darren_RX::4.0::November 24, 2012
R2F5SRO53KK5VH::Quick and easy to set up::Came with batteries ready to go and you simply plug it in and if you have a power outage the batteries take over.  Carbon monoxide is a silent killer and this is a critical item every home should have.::Raptor007::4.0::November 23, 2012
RMWQQQGEJ9R8T::Your Life is Worth it::We have a hard wired Carbon Monoxide unit connected with our security system. Our electrician sujested we should also get this unit for infront of each bedroom. We had him wire in an outlets and we feel much better. It does not take long time for carbon monoxide fumes to effect your thinking. Small price for a childs life or even your own.::WCR::5.0::November 22, 2012
R27DAYJMXCV36::Great CO alarm::This is a great item to have in your home. It not only runs on electricity but has a battery backup. Also has a monitor which is easy to read.::Ann T. Reed::5.0::November 20, 2012
RC1KKWZCJ3JVU::Most recommended::Our old alarm went off due to a carbon monoxide from the water heater.  The fire dept. said to replace any alarm that goes off, so we did some research.  This type/style of alarm was most recommended, so now we have 3 plugged in around the house.::Susan::4.0::November 18, 2012
R2VWSMC450KPL2::life saver::Features - The product is very well packaged and the directions for use were exteremelty easy to follow1) Functions on AC with a battery backup - 2 AAs2) Batteries do come with the package3) Silenced with a remote. - press the volume or channel button for 5 seconds - XINTEX SMOKE & FIRE ALARM FOR BOATS AND RV'S WITH 9V BAT::O. Ali "OHA"::5.0::November 6, 2012
R385VOQLC14VZM::First Alert Monoxide Alarm::Bought it because the rating is good. So far, I'm pleased. Very easy to install. And as warned, if it is placed in or  near a kitchen with a gas range, the alarm will go off constantly. Place it in area that is at least 25-30 feet away.::J. Powell::4.0::September 17, 2012
RN50UT8VZKYLQ::complete satisfaction::We were looking to replace our carbon monoxide tester with something compact and reliable. This product fit the bill. It is plug-in and battery backup and and has an easy to read digital display. Amazon had a good description of the product and delivered it quickly and at no charge.::monga::5.0::May 30, 2012
R2OFCQIR4ZXWOD::CO detector very easy to use::The First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide detector is very easy to set up. Just insert the included batteries and plug it in. It has a memory that remembers the highest level of CO it detects. Just press a button and read the display. Consumer Reports says this is a "Best Buy". Install one near your furnace, attached garage, and sleeping areas. Then rest assured you are being monitored for carbon monoxide concerns.::DadRip "BookReader from CT"::5.0::May 11, 2012
R18QELR530ZXQ0::Doing it's job.....I hope!!::I bought two of these units. I had a very expensive nighthawk which saw it's last day! I have a total of three co units. I like the option of the corded plug in case one would need that. It also came with name brand batteries. The overall design is fine. The size of the unit is not cumbersome. These are must have items, period.::BURBERRY GIRL::4.0::March 31, 2012
R20K576B455EWP::Great CO monitor and good price point::This arrived as promised and was packaged well.  Price point beat the B&M; stores selling this near me, even the big box stores.  This worked out well and the CO monitor has been rock steady in operation.  Replaced an old monitor that started giving me false positive alarms for no reason.::JonathanL::4.0::March 28, 2012
R2EEEYKR9YFHV9::Easy to install::I ordered two of these alarms - one for upstairs and one for downstairs.  They arrived promptly and were easy to install.  After putting in the batteries (that came with the units) all I had to do was decide where to plug them in.  The display is easy to read, with a green indicator light so you know it's activated.  The test siren was loud and easily recognizable as "something is wrong!"  Hopefully the alarm will never go off in "real life" but if it does, we're ready with these devices in place.::Paula Hilton::5.0::March 28, 2012
R3BHTUYBFSW14I::No complaints::I receive the alarm within the promised time. It appears to be operating properly.I decided to replace my old CO alarm during my annual furnace inspection, when the technician pointed out that it should be replaced after 5 years of use.::Gordon Alley::5.0::March 20, 2012
R3FBAKW9HJD28V::good::I have not had any problems with this product.  Works well so far. Plugs in in my hall without problems.::thick madame::5.0::March 20, 2012
R2EYNDG0XNNIPO::Easy install::After realizing that one of my existing carbon detectors was out of date, I selected this First Alert model based on the reviews of previous buyers.  Upon receipt I found it easy to setup and install.  My only (subjective) complaint is that I found the unit somewhat bigger than I would like it to be but other than that, no problem.::Jake::5.0::March 9, 2012
RU3F90ZYBP4KR::Good value and product::Bought 5 of these for rental properties and our primary residence. Easy to install and test.Complies with California new law on rental property CO2 alarms.::Terrence Potts "SJSU Football"::5.0::February 12, 2012
R3HKL0X2Q3JNXZ::appears to be good product::fast shipping. product appears to be well made. very easy to set up. Hope it never has to warn me of a problem, but feel safer with it.::charlieb::5.0::February 9, 2012
R25OMMTDEBOST9::First Alert Carbon Monoxide Alarm::I have not had this item long enough to give an excellent review but so far it appears to be working fine.  It was easy to install and I think it was worth the money spent.::Zoe::4.0::February 1, 2012
RQI0ETRHEWIJD::First Alert CO review::Easy to install and works fine.  Looked up reviews and this was rated the best of the carbon monoxide alarms.  Put in basement snd on first floor.::James O. Eickhorst::5.0::February 1, 2012
R2WSP73ACJL1FL::My Experience::The First Alert CO detector with battery backup was easy to set up, however I also noticed as other consumers have, in that the "door" of the battery compartment did not stay closed. I fixed the problem with a small piece of Scotch Tape, however perhaps the latching mechanism could be improved somewhat.Other than this minor defect, I consider it to be a good value as well as security, for the money.::Wayne::4.0::January 20, 2012
R2X60EDGOOT9DY::Good Compact Unit::Especially useful is the end-of-life notification, ( Who really keeps track? ) and battery backup. Overall, does everything you want it to do, including showing battery status, and highest CO level measured.::W. Green::5.0::January 5, 2012
R3UMHR958W9MNN::Great Purchase::I bought one for each floor of my home and they perform as advertised.  Haven't observed any problems when there is a power outage.  Provides an extra level of safety for my family.::Virginia::5.0::January 1, 2012
R39P1WJ9GBDRC3::No nuisance alarms::I bought two of these for our new home almost a year ago. These are my first CO detectors, so I don't really have much to compare them to, but so far they work well for us. We have 3 gas appliances (furnace, water heater, dryer) and a wood burning fireplace. We have one detector in the living room (with the fireplace) and one in the hallway outside our bedroom(s). I was worried about nuisance alarms, as I've heard of this being a problem with CO detectors, especially if they are placed too near kitchens, bathrooms, fireplaces or anything else that could produce smoke, gases or vapor. So far we've not had any nuisance alarms. They're a little bulky on the electrical outlet, whether you mount the unit directly or use the cord provided, but that is a small price to pay for peace of mind. Seriously, if you have gas appliances, you need CO detectors. Don't wait!::Plain Jayne::5.0::December 7, 2011
R2UMDSZBL06BCP::Great Carbon Monoxide alarm for the $::This Carbon Monoxide alarm is exactly as promoted.  Ready to use right out of the box and simple to understand.  Having the capability to instantly check the level of carbon monoxide is a great feature. All alarm sounds are fully explained.  Great product for the money.::Sarah::5.0::December 7, 2011
R3IVNR23U7KZJR::CO detector::This product was easy to set up and plugs into an electric receptacle anywhere.  Doesn't require mounting on wall or ceiling.  As to whether it will work if the CO level rises, I have no idea since it hasn't happened.  Seems solidly made.::James J. Stark::5.0::November 25, 2011
R3KFXN2Q32YF06::Options in placement::I was pleased to discover that the box can be instantly mounted by simply plugging it into an electric outlet, or the electric cord held inside the box can be unwound and the alarm mounted away from an electric outlet.  The alarm seems sufficiently loud to wake just about anyone (except my teenage sons who could sleep through an atomic blast).::Billy Tucker "Perpetual Student"::5.0::October 21, 2011
R3JM8NEQSTX4K::Carbon Monoxide Detector::Received the First Alert carbon monoxide detector in perfect shape and it works right out of package. It plugs right in the AC wall socket with option to extend the adapter for wall mount. Green display is constantly on with test mode showing any CO detectable level.::de1293::5.0::October 19, 2011
R29BRXAPJ5E8NX::current-generation equipment::CO detectors several years old and older, wear out (or something like that) and don't announce the fact.  Newer-generation equipment, such as the Co615, let you know when they're coming to the end of their lives.  Mine is just across the kitchen from my natural-gas range-top.::NorthTXguy::5.0::October 14, 2011
RAV5RIRN454FN::CO615 Review::Product is an excellent CO monitor, and performs exactly as advertised.  It is small, uses a battery backup and plugs in directly or the plug can be detached and plugged in at a distance fron the device.  It works well.::Nick::5.0::October 8, 2011
R2I6JRNCBHWEDO::carbon monoxide alarm::Haven't had the need for it yet but I'm sure it will work well in the event of carbon monoxide elevation.::Robert Misenti::5.0::October 6, 2011
R26MKEXFVB9JUP::Great Product::Easy to use, and fairly intuitive. It feels like it's working, though I cannot say for certain as we have not had any CO incidents since the one that prompted me to buy this detector, but I like checking the peak level to be sure that there was no leakage at any point, and I like that it has a cord plug so you can be more flexible with the placement of the device.::Tall Flute::4.0::October 4, 2011
R1D6GO1BUX9AA6::Carbon Monoxide detector::I have only  had this product for a few weeks but so far I have been very pleased with it.  I purchased it because it was recommended by Consumer Reports who I have utmost confidence in.::revie::4.0::July 11, 2011
R3DPJMNMH5C4XQ::California requires them::I live in an open well ventilated home near the beach but California just passed a law requiring all homes to have carbon monoxide detectors that are both AC as well as battery operated.  In order to comply I searched Amazon's customer feedback for a highly satisfactory unit.  First alert CO615 had such a rating and at the price appeared to be a good buy.  I received them (two, one for each floor) in just a few days and since they were slightly over $25 each, shipping was free.My only complaint is that the packaging requires heavy duty sisssors and care not to cut yourself on the plastic as you pry the parts from the packaging.That aside, there were two batteries and clear instructions on assembly.For the record, all CO units presently being sold come with a 'life' of five years and then have to be replaced......hope technology improves on that.::Amazon Customer "epags"::4.0::July 8, 2011
R2O3BPLT91Z4AO::Affordable and Effective::Affordable and effective -- isn't that really all you need in a CO detector? It is for me. I don't have a CO leak so I can only assume it would work when it is detected. The battery backup is definitely nice though because the power goes out a lot here from storms, etc.::W. Jordan "Low-Key Collector"::4.0::July 6, 2011
RAFSSPTX34BMD::Seems good, hard to know for sure::Plugged in and pushed the test button without any problems. Hard to tell if it will work when I need it to work, there is no way to know.  But certainly I have not had any false alarms or beeps.::Rob R.::5.0::April 20, 2011
R2FW6MU34QBWAE::Very pleased::Very good product. Easy to figure out. Not sure why some found negatives with it.  It's pretty simple and straight forward, and put together well.::Dale Robert Vallee::5.0::March 28, 2011
R2KTOF4L283PBI::Great service::We are very happy with the product so far and we saved a considerable amout going through Amazon.  Delivery time was great.  Delivered as promised and possibly sooner.  Would recommend to any one.::LP::4.0::March 25, 2011
RHRFI1J1CDZ5E::First Alert::Had this for a couple of years now and still runs like a charm. Love the digital read out. Easy to use and reliable.::water lover::5.0::March 25, 2011
R603FZ4QF5D2::Just what I was looking for::I like this carbon monoxide detector because it has the battery backup.  I have had it for a month and it is working fine and I have no complaints.::TNMom::5.0::March 21, 2011
RPG74RX08IOER::Excactly what I was looking for!::I am renting a town home that does not have a carbon monoxide detector since they are not mandatory in Virginia.  However, I think that is absurd considering that I have gas heat and a gas stove.  I purchased two..one for upstairs and one for down stairs.  They plug in to any outlet and also come with a battery back up in case you lose power. This product gives me the peace of mind I was looking for.::Shani Aisha Rolle::5.0::February 3, 2011
R385D71I7S0FB::Good device::My only problem with the device is that it's hard to tell if it is on.  Also when trying to press the buttons their not very user friendly and hard to get a readout.  It feels like it may break with the amount of force needed to press the buttons for the digital display to function and provide a reading.::Tomtom::4.0::January 27, 2011
R2WJI2FM4QO31I::Just works::Detector comes with many mounting options and hardware in addition to being able to be located in front of a power outlet.  Seems to work but no reason for it to sound an alarm yet thankfully!::Sir Force::5.0::January 7, 2011
R3ES8IQ16S0PNL::If you burn any type of fuel in your home be safe and buy some.::I wanted an easy to use Carbon monoxide meter.That is exactly what this is.See manufacturer for the recommended place ment and number to get.Just plugs right into outlet or you can use its longer cord to place elswhere.Also has a battery backup.::Joel Elmer Coldwater III "Research For The Best"::5.0::January 6, 2011
RPMO2O4G2CQUI::Save lives for a couple bucks!::We purchased two of these units for Christmas presents for our grown children. A family in town had a close call with carbon monoxide, they all survived.  However, they were fortunate they became sick and called the fire department paramedics.  The paramedics quickly determined that the culprit was carbon monoxide. They were transferred to the local hospital. I would be devastated if any one were harmed because an inexpensive item had not been purchased. Consumer Reports recommends this unit. It is also less expensive than many others. I can rest free. No regrets.::C. Case "Corky"::5.0::January 4, 2011
R3DPR0YYDOTHZQ::CO2 Detector::Good product - Just purchased three units to replace older aging devices.  Works as advertised, no false alerts, and has a battery backup if the power goes out.  I elected to purchase standalone CO2 and Fire detectors.::Michael A. Basso::4.0::December 28, 2010
R305H31H85O8G7::Prompt Service and Good Product::This is a carbon monoxide detector with a battery back-up and a digital read. A friend of mine had a carbon monoxide alarm go off and the response team told her to get a new one that would be better and this one has the features that they recommended. So, I feel safer with this even though we have a new furnace.::Jenny Adamson "Jenny"::4.0::December 15, 2010
R2YWHITW6VS4MJ::"fit the bill"::The Alarm is a great purchase, without spending a lot of money.  Arrived quickly and easy to install...just plug in.  Better than having to replace batteries all the time...highly recommend!::mary::5.0::December 15, 2010
RPVIS0O196GHS::CO2::I'VE ONLY HAD THIS UNIT FOR A COUPLE OF WEEKS, BUT SO FAR IT'S WORKING AS DESCRIBED.  I PARTICULARLY LIKE THE DISPLAY FEATURE.  IF ANY CO2 PARTICULES ARE DETECTED, THE AMOUNT IS SHOWN.  GOOD BUY.::ARETHAROSE::5.0::November 21, 2010
R1JE96XW1XQVSX::Highly rated detector, working great::After my previous carbon monoxide detector died, I went to the internet to see what was the best one out there to replace it. According to Consumer Reports, this is highly effective at detecting low and high levels of carbon monoxide, and is not prone to false alarms. That sold it for me.After receiving it, opened the package, installed the batteries, and plugged it in. Works fine, and being able to pull the power plug and place it away from the wall is convenient.::Steve S.::5.0::November 13, 2010
R2EGY0CZ1W75JX::Carbon Monoxide First Alert::This product was easy to set up and arrived as promised. I bought it based on independent rating reviews, so I assume it work as described. I have not exposed it to CM in the home and hope it never will be.::M. Hawkins::4.0::May 24, 2010
R1DHUCZMGXX3WH::Recommended::Good instructions, easy to install, green light shows it's working but it's too bright. Recommend, based on magazine reviews and how it's been working for us.::Jeremy::5.0::May 20, 2010
R3OZ34Z3EFUDCL::Works Great::We got this to replace our 5 year old CO Detector.  Works great (I think - hasn't gone off, but we hadn't expected it too.  In the past we've had problems with our furnace, so the Gas Company recommended the digital read out.  We don't want to mess with changing batteries and our power doesn't go out very often. This model has everything we were looking for.::DJ::5.0::April 16, 2010
R30YHSFWZN8YMS::Carbon Monoxide monitor::Delivery was prompt. Installation was easy. They seem to be doing their job. Test worked appropriately. So far I am completely satisfied.::John W. Sands "grandpa"::5.0::April 2, 2010
RAMDJNFRAMJLN::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Plug-In Alarm with Battery Backup and Digital Display::Works very well and I like the plug-in advantage, never have to worry about replacing the battery. Like it very much.::Eileen::5.0::February 28, 2010
R8AYYT11TYKIK::Good one!::I picked it because Consumer reports, so I guess is good but until goes off I will not know::luis "luis"::5.0::February 12, 2010
R2UCC6KY1M0YEU::Great Buy::This CO detector is simple to install, just insert batteries and plug into wall socket. Has cord which allows you to locate in area which may not be close to an outlet.::D. Monroe::5.0::February 11, 2010
RTKY8U7MIDD87::bought as a replacement::I bought this to replace my old co2 detector that would constantly discharge it's battery and beep endlessly for a new battery.  Hopefully this unit doesn't end up doing that.  The previous detector was from the same brand but a different model; I will post back if this one goes out on me.It's a nice unit and does provide an ac cord that you can plug in 10+ ft away from the actual unit; or you can keep the cord and ac adapter snugged into the back of the unit and plug the entire thing into an outlet.  Thats a really nice feature about this model; also the LCD display memorizes the last amount of co2 it has detected so you can always check back to see if you had any leaks.::PG::5.0::February 10, 2010
R30EAVZ0A5DIP::Great Product & Good Price::I've always been one to research what type of products I should buy and it was no different for this carbon monoxide alarm.  I found out that it was rated well in Consumer Reports.  I liked the idea that this monitor only needed a battery for backup purposes.  I was afraid we'd bump into it on occasion since it hangs in our hallway and is only a foot or so off the ground, but we haven't as of yet.  After reviewing several other places such as Walmart and other retailers, I believe Amazon came out to be the best price for the product.::Catholic::5.0::February 2, 2010
R153N8L584CS5M::Nice Amazon price::Very funtional and accurate detector at a great price with Amazon free shipping!  This is a must for anyone with gas heat or a gas fireplace insert.::Mr. David M. Steele "Tea Lover"::5.0::January 25, 2010
R2YXL9WVRJCZ9::As the other reviewers said::Received ok.  Inspected and found not damaged, plugged it in and everything works as expected.  The only reason I did not give it five starts is that I have only had it for a few weeks and the reading has never left zero so, until it does, one never really knows if it is working.  I suspect so because everything else is as advertised.  Good product.::Edward A. Hamilton "Cardinal Pilot"::4.0::December 26, 2009
R3748UO9IBK4QF::junebug::We are happy with our decision of this product.  Has worked perfectly and have not had any problems with it.::junebug "june"::5.0::December 9, 2009
R3M9QWN15IU9JP::Works fine::It was a simple plug-in (didn't use the extender).  It beeped for a couple seconds, then has been quiet since (3 weeks or so).  Gotta believe it's doing its job.::John J. Hill::5.0::November 18, 2009
R196OYQVO05BJL::So far, so good::This Carbon Monoxide alarm seems to work, of course, Thank God, we haven't had any CO problems for it to go off.::DC "Dolores"::5.0::August 29, 2009
R3LNT5CA9X54AX::Carbon Monoxide detector::The delivery was very fast, and I liked the easy to read digital display so much I ordered a second one to replace another detector that I had that lacked this feature (even though there was nothing wrong with the older unit.) The fact that there is a battery back-up also really sets my mind at ease.::WingsWoman::5.0::April 4, 2009
R2AS97QIICBMYO::Excellent CO detector::This monitor does it all.  The power cord allows for mounting the detector away from an AC outlet.  The display is easy to read and is backlit when activated.::R. Emerson::5.0::March 31, 2009
RQDZA9FEZR9QM::Safety First::Better safe than sorry is such a great motto.  I love the battery back-up on this alarm.  I bought another one after we received this one.  I would recommend this product.::Love Amazon::5.0::September 17, 2008
R5TCNT6MP4NRI::Plug and play.::No problems. Appears to be working fine. Great piece of mind having it in the house.::Baron's Auto Repair "snkbte"::5.0::January 8, 2008
R1FRAR8BHMJMGU::Should have bought a different brand::I had read in some of the other reviews that the battery door was difficult to manage and you can't see the CO levels without hitting a button, but I thought, surely we can figure it out with the help of the manual. No such luck. The battery door closed fine without batteries inside, but both my husband and I unsuccessfully tried multiple times to make it shut after inserting batteries. We even removed and reinstalled the batteries several times to make sure we had them in all the way. It made us wonder if the unit was really working. Our only way of guessing that the CO levels in our house are safe was the fact that no alarm sounded when we plugged it in, but how could we know if the lack of alarm meant the house was safe, or the unit was defective? Never did find the button that I thought we were supposed to be able to push in order to see the full display and find out what exactly the CO level is.Overall, we found this CO alarm confusing and unusable, and sent it back immediately. We have not tried any other CO detectors yet, but this one definitely got itself crossed off the list of possibilities.::Liz B::2.0::March 16, 2011
R9ERDLMY0BDUC::Slight Catch To Be Aware Of....::I bought this particular model because I wanted an AC-powered detector. In my opinion, powering CO and fire detectors by batteries is wasteful. If you follow the "change the batteries in the spring and fall" on Daylight Savings time changes or whatever, you end up discarding and wasting batteries that are usually still good. I don't know what your power situation is, but my power is up 99.99% of the time. The chances of a fire or high-CO occurring while the power is off, for me, is... well, I'm better off playing the lottery. So I'm perfectly comfortable with the use of with AC-only units. Oh, and when my power goes off, I wake up instantly. The house going completely silent is not normal. I'll be awake in case of a fire during the power loss, and a lack of power won't increase CO levels.The catch on this model is that while it's powered by AC, it still requires two AA batteries as backup, or the thing will annoyingly beep once a minute to remind you that batteries are dead or not inserted. You cannot silence the alert permanently. So I'm back to wasting batteries AND AC power. It won't run exclusively on batteries either, per the documentation.The packaging is plastic vacuform, wasteful, and hard to open. Shame. The AC adapter cord is generously long, mounting screws and batteries are included.I would buy a different detector next time, one that will satisfy my criteria of AC-only operation, and doesn't require batteries, period.::J. Palmer::2.0::July 26, 2009
R2RJI5RQ3M9L0T::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Plug-In Alarm with Battery Backup and Digital Display::Digital LED light is green and can't read display during daytime. The number(s) displayed is small and makes it difficult to read. Would only purchase for an area that you just want to hear the alarm if it goes off.  Read good reviews on Amazon and were excited to purchase this product. Could have returned the item but just put it in the laundry area.::B. H. Robinson::1.0::February 8, 2012
R3K9J07IYH51TT::didn't work well::got this thing because it said it would read out the levels, it doesn't. Never could get it to work right or at all for that matter.::Richard L Hale::1.0::April 7, 2014
R36GQLKIGDV9DF::Like it but have had some trouble::The battery back up does not last as long as I hoped.  The little kids have pulled it off the wall several times and maybe this cuts the battery life a lot.  We have it in a hall that we pass many times during the day so I don't think it has been on battery alone very often.  I've had it 10 months and replaced the batteries twice.  I don't think it works with out the batteries even if it is plugged in to the wall outlet.It plugs into the 110Volt wall outlet with a removable plug (with wires back to the housing) held into the housing with two plastic clips.  When the kids pull it off the wall, the electrical plug tends to stay connected to the outlet and the housing drops to the floor (about 11 inches onto tile).  The housing has never been damaged but one of the plastic clips that hold the plug into the housing eventually broke.So after that the housing would not stay in place very well and would tend to drop to the floor on it's own.  I don't fault the manufacture for this since plastic clips are typical for this kind of stuff.  I rigged up a wire zip tie to hold the plug into the housing to keep the housing from falling onto the floor.I have to admit I don't know it it really works since it has never alarmed (or shown any detectable CO on the screen), other than low battery.  We depend on it to protect us from central gas heater and an unvented gas log we often use in the winter.::Richard::4.0::November 17, 2013
R3G8JLIC77RMZA::Have a Ventless Fireplace...You Better Have This::This device can be a life saver.  Shoddy heating contractors, old heating systems, ventless fireplaces....there are all reasons that carbon dioxide could kill your family.  Carbon dioxide has no smell and is invisible as a gas....you are passed out and then dead with no warning....unless you have this device to alert you.  I no longer use my ventless gas fireplace as a result of this device telling me that carbon dioxide gases are too high every time I use the fireplace.  These ventless gas fireplaces should be outlawed.  The spew sulphur (a by product of burning natural gas) into the room and yellow the white paint on the trim around my fireplace and tarnish all the silver in the house (unless I've sealed it in plastic bags for storage).Every home should have a carbon dioxide detector especially if you are one of those families that has gone to extremes to seal up and insulate your home from the cold winter air.  The more air tight your home the more danger you are in without a carbon dioxide detector.....and NO....I don't sell these devices....I've just had a couple of close calls!::Jim Ha::5.0::September 11, 2013
R2L7MN6WYVOXXQ::So easy to install::Took less than 5 minuite to install.  Just plug in to power outlet after inserting battery.  I'm buying another one.::JOHN L::5.0::November 15, 2012
R1HH6SI8169VKN::Looks like it is working::I wont know for sure if it works unless we have issues so I have to assume it is working.  it looks like it works.::R. B. "R.B."::3.0::November 6, 2012
R33B3X4545KYR5::John::While this product will serve its purpose the battery case area is cheaply made. I would expect problems with this as battery in the future. I will probably have to use a piece of tape to keep the battery cover from popping open.::John::2.0::May 14, 2012
R2D4XQ3TEGFAJW::Shipped with 2 AA batteries rather a 9V battery as said in the technical specification::Its been only 3 days since I have started using this product. So, I do not intend to review the product at this time. However, the product was shipped with 2 AA batteries rather a 9V battery as noted in the technical details section.::F612 Scaglietti::3.0::October 14, 2011
RQHBVSY4YR52Q::Could be better::I have two suggestions for improvement. First, the digital readout should be larger so it can be read from further away, but I could have guessed this from the package picture. second,  the employment location requirements , which are probably not unique for detector products are difficult to achieve sometimes. Trying minimize the distance from the CO source, proximity to air currents, AC location, and audibility is a confusing puzzle at best. I think that I would have been  better off with a battery-operated unit. Or just ignore the requirements as  a C,Y,A. legal ease. The  description suggested this was an excellent choice for a CO detector and when I bought it, I was somewhat disappointed. It runs on AC power with battery backup, and has the digital readout. It can be mounted directly in an outlet, or the plug can be detached so the now-corded unit can be mounted away from the outlet so that part is very helpful.::Mike Wright::3.0::June 29, 2011
RLEOB58WQC3EH::It's a CO Alarm::The product appears to work fine.  However, I purchased a Kiddy Nite Hawk CO Detector with Digital readout and for some reason, the peak memory level for this product shows about 16PPM while the First Alert Alarm always shows zero.At this point neither one of the alarms have gone off so I'm hoping that my family is safe.::MegaPain::5.0::July 9, 2008
R35EIRZU48HD9E::Product and subsequent support are not worth the price!::Unit was defective right out of the packaging like others have indicated in their reviews. Just go with the Kiddie Nighthawk line and save yourself some time and hassle.::Rhykor::1.0::November 2, 2013
R1EDDPFV2203ZB::So far so good::So far, I'm pretty pleased with the product. In the past, we tried another older generation First Alert plug in with battery backup that seemed to deplete battery life every 2 weeks. Maybe ours was defective, but like other people, getting jolted out of bed with a deafening squeal got old really fast. We have not had any problem like that so far, for the few months we've had it. Hopefully the detector is working! How would one know truly, unless you had a problem and it either did or didn't go off...one way or another you'd or someone would find out. Hopefully not the latter.::R. Petrisko "Gardengirl"::5.0::January 28, 2009
R285NMLVMOSR4O::Don't know yet::If it works when the time comes I will like it, but if it doesn't work I will not like it?::Dave Holfeltz::4.0::March 21, 2014
R29DDMD81943C::Life Saver::If you have any carbon monoxide producers in your house-you'll want the assurance that if the levels rise to unsafe levels, you'll be aware.  Recently received positive comments in the Feb. 14, 2014 "The Week" magazine, page 28.  Easy to set-up, unobtrusive and by a name you trust-First Alert.  As others have commented:  Read the instructions and follow them on correct placement.  The "no-brainer" step would be right next to a fireplace, in the kitchen or next to a gas range/dryer or water heater.  NO-instructions caution you that these items cause a temporary rise in carbon monoxide, your alarm will sound - and you'll be mad about the "false alarms."  Place the alarms near sleeping areas, outside the bedrooms.  Read for other recommendations.::Rick::5.0::February 12, 2014
R1KT13OIYBZRDL::Great comfort::Old one "died" and this replacement is great and makes us feel safe from the serious danger of carbon momoxide poisoning!::Barbara::5.0::February 11, 2014
RUC4P1Z16OYME::First Alert is always on ALert..::Now that it is law to have Co2 detectors in our homes, we searched for the one with the best ratings, price and most of all one thatwould continue to work in the event of a power outage. First Alert won the selection coming with everything we were looking for. Now I feel safe in my home knowing we are all protected.::dustyrose56::5.0::February 6, 2014
R1U9CF88WKIRKO::Necessary for those with wood stoves.::This is a good unit that uses AC power with a battery backup. The only thing to make it a five star rating is if it also acted as a smoke detector. The installation (simple) instructions were clear and informative.::Billiam::4.0::December 26, 2013
RGASQPTR5I89Q::A must have device.::This product is a good value, and is a well made device.  The price is reasonable, and it arrived well packaged and when promised. Amazon Prime is the BEST,::Idle Mischief::5.0::November 27, 2013
R2ZXMVAQOB5WKA::very good value for the price, would buy again if needed::It is everything I expected and at a great price, good value. why do I have to use a certian amount of words?::Tom::5.0::November 9, 2013
R3DSBPEZVBR0EF::Some of my shopping is done on Amazon as its same time and gas.::Selling home and its required. I really don't like to run around and look for some items and this was much easier as need ASAP.::Ann "Ann"::4.0::November 5, 2013
R2KHTNQ0A5KUO0::Great product and a great value peace of mind::It is easy to use and the best part is that is portable.  Gives me peace of mind since I have gas heat and a gas range.::carol eisenhauer::4.0::November 3, 2013
RQORMZQPG3OLT::First Alert CO detector::It came right away.  No way to know if a CO monitor really works, but it seems to.  I just had to plug it in.::Carol M. Hurwitz "Gitano"::5.0::November 2, 2013
R172KFTCSL9GLW::Life Saver::It's hard to tell how it is working. Have not had any alarm go off, thus I assume it is OX::Richard Tompkins::4.0::October 23, 2013
R3FOWB8BB2O5AK::I was told to buy one.::After researching different ones I decided on this model.I later was told I had made a good decision. I'm very happy with it. I love Amazon!::virginia barclay::5.0::October 22, 2013
R2KRI00E119YO3::Great product::Had one before.  This is a newer model with extra features from the one I had before.  The only problem I have with these (any brand) is that there is a limited lifetime.  They are not like smoke detectors which are essentially good forever.  These eventually need to be replaced/.::E. Morris Azbill, Jr. "Bogeyman"::5.0::August 29, 2013
R1SN34UTQ48WC6::skip::great detector, like the blue light up display! these can be real life savers and at this price you cant go wrong,::Rhonda M Allen::5.0::August 23, 2013
R3W4KGH603YUE8::Am I missing something?::It seems that the instruction sheet is pretty complicated. I just plugged it in. It doesn't show anything on the screen other than a full battery sign for the backup battery. Is that it? Please let me know.::dc23::3.0::June 25, 2013
R1I1CSJBIJC12M::not worth it::could not do what i wanted to do with it. comes with a huge book of DON'Ts that make it almost unusable.::Kim::2.0::June 23, 2013
R3VNU778N6MUB9::Life Saver::My daughter lives in an apartment in a large city on the West Coast.  I bought one of these because of the gas service.  She had it about two years when it sounded an alarm.  It activated exactly at the level it was supposed to, and, according to the gas serviceman, possibly saved her life.  Anyone with gas service should own a carbon monoxide alarm.::Kenneth E. Burchett::5.0::March 18, 2013
R1CT4BX8GF2M1N::CO2 PLUG IN::HAD THIS PRODUCT A SHORT TIME.  LIKE THE EASE OF USE AND VERSATILITY OF PRODUCT. FEEL MORE COMFORTABLE WITH A BATTERY BACK UP ALARM.  MY OTHER ONE WAS NOT.::J. Abel "Stan"::5.0::March 3, 2013
R19JS3Q5RDN22P::More than meets its description::I have not had to use this Alarm and hope I never will. Having examined it thoroughly before installing I must say that it more than meets its description.::Leo Keukens::4.0::February 23, 2013
R2PCZCX0VIUDTP::So far, so good::Very easy to put in place.  I may never know had good it is unless any occasion arises for its use.::Anita Jo::4.0::February 23, 2013
R30GY9WOMJJ7FD::Convenient and looks good::Just hope it works. Had a tough time generating some CO to see if the meter changed. Not sure about TRUSTING something I cannot test if it is really working. Where can I buy a tube of CO?::Thomas Radley "TomR"::4.0::February 16, 2013
RNFIE6J7R8EPM::Great Product::The Carbon Monoxide Alarm works as it said and I feel safer after installing it in my home.  I also bought another one to put in our little white church.::R. Yeaman::5.0::February 5, 2013
RKUQB80Y5BS2L::Great Product // Battery Backup Feature A+::Great product especially for the price.Battery backup is a must. Not sure why other reviewers noted flimsy parts/battery area as I have been unable to locate anything wrong with the unit i received.::Matt Fisher::4.0::January 31, 2013
RM2U28VIO9N5P::Looks good::The item looks good and hopefully it works just as well. Hope fully it does the trick in the event of Monoxide leaks::Charles Morrison::3.0::January 15, 2013
R6FAMBQDYEHXV::like it::It is hard to know whether it is working perfectly.  However, I have plugged in the wall I see a green light ON.::Ramesh::5.0::December 11, 2012
R3ORBKGPSGGTSS::First Alert CO615 Carbon Monoxide Plug-In Alarm with Battery Backup and Digital Display::I really can't say much. It was easy to put together and just plugs in. I hope it never turns on except when the battery is low.::PKN::5.0::November 19, 2012
R2R9W95JCKJZJ0::Easy to set up and does what it's supposed to::I am pleased with this product.  It was simple to set up and worked out of the box - no complaints whatsoever.::Nick L::5.0::November 9, 2012
R2OW0IKMA6QE1F::Met my expectations::Love this alarm.  It plugs right in my outlet and has battery backup.  Also has a digital readout that is great!  Definitely puts my mind at ease having this detector.::Molly Simpson "Momsimpson"::5.0::November 7, 2012
R3NUIVX8PLMK9J::Carbon Monoxide Alarm::California now requires such alarms in double-wide manufactured homes. This one from Amazon was reasonable in cost, has a cord to be plugged into an outlet and if the power goes off, there is a battery back-up. I told others in our small community about this alarm, as it meets state standards at a reasonable cost.::LynC::4.0::October 14, 2012
RI22K5VZWIU3W::put a battery in and plugged it in the wall::I'm happy with this so far, it looks okay on the wall and I like that I can check the PPM of carbon monoxide in the air. Hopefully we will never have a gas leak to test this out on, but I sleep better knowing that this will alert me if anything is out of the norm.::Kev::5.0::October 6, 2012
R1UG9TVKEKIAQF::Works but I think I got a repackaged one::I just plugged it in and it works.  However, I am disappointed in the fact that the item had visual scuff marks and a letter or 2 had been rubbed off on the verbiage on the unit.  Makes be believe that this unit is NOT new but I purchased as new.::Donald Obara::3.0::September 27, 2012
R3A13VS7FOYAS6::price::i bought 3 of these as i thought that the price was great. everything on it seems to work well on it  time will tell::Marylou Buchman::5.0::September 17, 2012
R3TU7MEL3E2PZT::pefect for ourpose::this unit was perfect for installation on lower level- has all the readings required for use - happy with product::Louis Giosia "giosilo"::5.0::August 31, 2012
RQKOD3T8LY30Q::Seems to do the job.::Looks attractive.  Guess it does the job - haven't had carbon monoxide in my house so I don't know for sure.  Battery cover is flimsy and is hard to keep closed.::R. Becich::4.0::July 8, 2012
R17ATTJRVPAWRI::Safety comes first::Good product, as described.  I feel safer with this CO2 detector sensing the furnace area and connected to AC line with battery backup.::Sops "fsop"::5.0::May 18, 2012
R169JAW1BA66CJ::A important gift::I purchased this Carbon monoxide alarm for my elderly parents to use in their home. They have informed me that it was easy to setup and that it was working just fine.::Lisa L. Clark::3.0::January 28, 2012
R2P4WZ3JMQME2V::Great buy::This is a great product.  It works great, and we haven't had any issues.  The display is easy to read, and we will probably replace our upstairs detector with this model as well.::Lauren::5.0::December 15, 2011
R68F77DC7D2UZ::Most Reliable CO detector::Being from Northeast Pa... we burn coal for heating and this product is a must have!  I wouldn't recommend any other Brand than a First Alert and I especially recommend one that has a digital read out display.  I want to know when there is a problem with CO before a signal or screeching sound alerts me!::NEPA Lab Lover ""lab lover""::5.0::December 8, 2011
R3SG7936K9V9GB::Ordered 2, 1 was defective::The tester that I got that does work seems to do its job.  It tested fine and setup was really easy and the package had an easy open back so I didn't have to cut the package apart.  Batteries went in easily.  The other one I ordered, you could hear the blown siren/speakers so we had to return the tester.  We ended up with another brand instead for the second purchase.::Meg from IN "Meg"::3.0::November 14, 2011
R25FH7BURWRP0D::co615::As far as I can tell it works fine. I still have 0 ppm so no different than the last CO detector. Decent price, fast delivery as usual from Amazon. Now if I can just find someone who smokes cigarettes to exhale on it. LOL NOT!::G. Slack::5.0::April 3, 2011
R2T7HOOUEJ2XIR::It works I think::Since I have not had a carbon monoxide alarm go of with the First Alert CO615, I cannot truly tell if it works (product up and running for 4 months). However, I have the unit plugged in by my bedrooms and at a fairly high level because carbon monoxide rises (giving ample time to react). I like how it has a constant battery symbol showing the strength of the battery and has a green light that shows that it is powered on through the outlet. It is not the prettiest thing in the world, but heck smoke detectors aren't either. Overall I have not had a problem with this product and I will post if I do. Recommended at this time.::D-dot::5.0::April 2, 2011
RW6R35C897HNQ::We bought this item to replace a carbon monoxide detector which was at least 15 years old.::We had not realized until we read recent articles, that carbon monoxide detectors are only considered effective for five years.  This model was rated highly by Consumer Reports and meets our needs. Our state, now requires such detectors in various locations in all homes.  Hopefully we will never hear the alarm except when testing!::Edith Nelson::5.0::February 6, 2011
R1BYM3H2UN2ZSL::Great Value::I converted my gas fireplace to a ventless system from the old vented style. I wanted to be sure that carbon monoxide level was not excessive or presented any health hazard. I wanted a CO detector with a digital readout. I researched many styles/brands and purchased the First Alert based on that research. It has worked very well and the price was very reasonable. I rate it as a very good decision!!::D. Bowman "ESMDAVE"::5.0::December 29, 2010
R33J8CT5BN4J0W::CO Detector::Does what it says, I think. Won't know for certain until we have CO leak.::James P. Malone::5.0::April 26, 2010
RHNPJG1RBKLPI::co2 detector::works as advertised. easy setup and install. replace OEM unit that had been in place 15 years. I will be happy to get same longevity out of this one. packaging says to replace in 5 years.::Larry B. Shower::5.0::April 6, 2010
R250XD5DZCHBQU::Can't even tell if this unit works or not.::The number on the disply never changes/registers anything differently on the screen.  I either have zero carbon monoxide at all times, or this unit is defective.  Either way, I wish I had returned it within the return window.  Now I am stuck with this thing plugged in the wall and hoping that it works when/if it should.::Johnny "Johnny"::1.0::June 5, 2013
R33QV9OOXLHV2K::Cheap battery compartment::Bought this unit for the upstairs figuring the LCD display would act as a night light. It doesn't stay lit unless it senses CO or you press the display button. The battery compartment door is very cheaply made and you have to be careful that you don't break it when installing the battery. Unless you think you need the display, you would be better off purchasing the next version down from this one since the LCD screen is the only difference. Since they all are suppose to do the same thing I wouldn't buy the other brands that are more expensive, since they all seem to be made pretty cheap.::JDMoose::3.0::December 20, 2011
RIAWQOPB5XVI8::A way to test it.::I am looking to purchase a carbon monoxide detector for my new home, and after reading these reviews i guess one way to safely test if this product does work is to start your car up and place it by the muffler and see what the readings are. Other than that i guess you will have to just wait until you have a leak or bulidup somewhere to know if it is really working or not::M. Bryan "gavin4eva"::5.0::April 10, 2010
R13PLEJMA9PUNP::It worked out of the box!::Very nice product, worked as described. The only negative will be a lock of continues reading on the display - after all it is an LCD display! I guess I liked my old one with red LED always showing last maximum reading on it.::Victor::5.0::December 1, 2008
R25L8BML6VCMLS::Hopefully we never have to hear it's alarm::This unit was very easy to install. All we did was plug it in. There is no way for me to give this a full 5 star rating since the alarm has not been needed yet. Hopefully it stay that way.::Richard P. Brodeur "Woodworker"::4.0::February 13, 2008
R28NM01OHV7BOX::Hard to evaluate::I've got this unit plugged in but have no idea if it'll actually work or not - my hope is that I never have to find out!::Robert D. Steinberg "bikerbob"::3.0::September 16, 2013
R3FUQ27RGTSY99::Simple to set up::Well, I haven't died from any carbon monoxide so I guess it's working?  If I do die from CO, well....someone please avenge me.::Jim::5.0::January 24, 2013
R3Q1RVBNKBC4OU::Does the job, I think::It is hard to get ecited about a CO detector, but ust owning them helps me sleep well at night.::Steve R. "Bookie Monster"::3.0::January 11, 2013
R2CM7E4M7J2D3H::So Far So Good::I plugged it in and it does its sentry thing.  I purchased two, one for my home and the other for our income property.  Update- in service at two locations for the past year with no issues.  Good product.::Dan T. L.::5.0::September 14, 2012
REU2TZQ1VKGN5::Broke after 6 months - did it ever work???::I bought this because it has better reviews than the others. From the buttons on it, I expected to be able to easily check the carbon monoxide levels in my house at a given time. However, pushing the buttons doesn't always do anything - the only thing I can get it to do consistently is turn on the back light and run a 'test' where it starts beeping super loud.At least it has a battery back-up for emergencies, and its probably loud enough to hear outside.---UPDATE: Broke completely after 6 months - never knew if it worked. :/ Buying the Kidde brand.::A. Good::1.0::May 22, 2012
RIE2P42XXHMVP::EASY!::Just plug it in and it's ready - easy to use; great product at a great price.  Can't be beat.::NYer::5.0::December 12, 2011
RTJCFON70ZB1X::Co2 Detector::Very easy to install. I have had these in the past and they did not work very well and they detected the slightest amount of Co2 and when they did you just threw them away and bought another unit. That got very expensive because almost anything would set them off and you did not know if it was Co2 or not and had to pay for someone to come out and inspect for you. So I stopped buying them. We have this installed near the bed in our bedroom.::W. Wilson::5.0::August 31, 2011
R1QHD67NLUI43::monoxcide detector::Easy to use, however, instructions not clear as to insertion of back up battery, and I had to make a phone call to get the answer. But the cost is excellent.::Ed Hart::3.0::November 5, 2009
R3S6L801L9ZJ2::It works.::The last one lasts 6 years.  It is worse than most electronics.  The manufacturer should explain why the sensor does not work after several years, how to repair it before the next sensor arrived and how to dispose it.::esplendi::3.0::March 8, 2014
R17OM3PQG64J2F::What The Gas Co. said....::I bought this plug in first alert cm detector.  The Gas Co rep told me that it only detects at 70ppm, which means I'd likely already have headaches and be vomiting.  He recommended I throw it out and buy a cm detector that detects at 400ppm.  Also, he said socket plug ins are not effective as most sockets are low on the wall.  The best kind is a battery operated detector (400ppm) that is placed within 2 ft of the ceiling.  The idea is to be notified before you/family gets headaches and start vomiting.::Love It! "Amy"::1.0::March 6, 2012
R2HMXPC8VRVQWI::Does not meet the expectation::Beferoe buying anything in Amazaon I generally see the review and rating. For this item the review and rating does not meet the quality. Its little heavy, bulky, on the top I got one defective. Its always make some sound. The user manual is really poor.::TKC::1.0::December 23, 2011
R9A1FZ96M5WX8::Gives a false sense of security! Dangerous!::Doesn't work. When my 3 young kids started having flu-like symptoms that disappeared when out of the house and returned when we did, I started to wonder if it was working. I lit a match and blew it out right next to the thing. Nothing. HVAC will be here tomorrow, and we will see just how close this thing came to letting us all die when we thought we were protected. Especially dangerous because it gives the impression of working (green light on, alarms when tested).::Moi "a mom"::1.0::December 5, 2013
R18R29HL0V0DVB::How am I supposed to turn it on?::It's on my wall......doing nothing. Really. I have no idea how to turn it on or how it works. The manual does not help at all. Rather it makes me even more confused. It's practically useless now. Can someone please tell me just how do i turn it on?::T-Bag::2.0::February 21, 2013
R3PR006D00G9XQ::It's okay::I guess it will work.  The test beep sure is loud.  I wonder if the product will work if there is a gas leak.::william::3.0::February 7, 2013
R2A9EFPAVYJ9VE::Talk about Truth in Packaging::Whoever wrote up the functions of this unit, they were describing something else, because this did not live up to what is listed on the box it came in.::Timothy Reimers::1.0::April 12, 2013
RHW4AH3O9T4FB::Pathetic::Item arrived in very unfriendly packaging, and failed to function.  (Invoking the TEST function yielded no audible sound.  What a useful alarm!)::Eric W. Sirko "Eric"::1.0::December 16, 2009
R29TWQ4A6SXAWI::So Far, So Good::Purchased this unit for my 83-year old mother who lives alone and has lost her sense of smell.  Installed it in her bedroom.  A different unit is installed in the den off the kitchen.  The gas company told her there was carbon monoxide build-up in the front portion of her ranch-style, single-level house.  The CO2 source was her 50 year-old gas stove and gas water heater.  The gas company tech advised that a hose on the water heater be shortened and that the back door be kept open to dissipate the gas.  Purchasing this unit was a more reasonable way to solve the circulation problem since the temps were below freezing.  It is very easy to install and set.  Instructions are simple.  Plug-in convenient.  All features are simple enough for almost anyone to use.  During my 3 week visit there were no false alarms or malfunctions.  The unit works as described and gives me some peace of mind 600 miles away.  Unfortunately, the only way to know if it functions as designed is when there is a problem, which is why it gets 4 stars for now.  Keeping my fingers crossed.  FYI: There was also a buildup of carbon residue around and under the stove top, which can be raised like the hood of a car. It looks like black soot and also gives off an odor.  Gas company said this is not harmful but should be regularly removed.  Check with your own company.::Kasha::4.0::December 14, 2008
R1OZSYI54Y8KPX::CO alarm::Hope it's working.Plugged it in and forgot it. Meets Ohio new construction building code for hardwired specification.We had a recent MURDER via CO poisoning. See Dateline "Wangler".Be safe!::Michael Williams::3.0::November 26, 2012
R2SK5FZ0A80G99::defective::Alarm won't sound when tested. Had a friend look at it and he confirmed that it was defective. He suggested that I stick with Kidde, not First Alert.::DLE::1.0::November 14, 2012
R1ZAMOT7O6WIK1::No way to tell if it's really working::This product is kind of a waste. You have no way to tell if it's actually working. There is a button on it to see the last reading or highest reading but it always says 0 for me. I have limited faith in whether this is actually working.. I would Not recommend.::CTmomma4::1.0::April 17, 2012
R3MJYDA6ROOB81::NOT Reliable::Tested it by putting behind my vehicle's muffler while my car was running.  Tested all 4 I bought and only 1 of the 4 I bought went off.  I tried test it a second time a few hours later and 2nd time none of them went off with no reading. I returned it to Amazon and bought the  another brand. Worked great.::Dean::1.0::June 2, 2012
RZANGQ2MPAJQP::Priced Right::I ordered an 8GB Kingston flash drive.  The price was right and I had no problems.Excellent performance.::arid47::5.0::February 26, 2010
R20YFLJPC7YL32::Is it working?::Simple setup with clear instructions but don't have confidence that it is working.  No alarm is OK?::Bernard Schmidt::5.0::December 24, 2008
R2FXLQ2OOP5C0P::BAD product! Do NOT buy it::we bought it in April and didn't open the package until now. Guess what--the cover for the battery is broken. It's not working. Poor product with no quality!  Do Not buy it! I know I can't return or exchange it as it has passed 30 days. I just want to alert everyone that you should not buy this one.  Look for something else. this brand is NO good.::D. Chen::1.0::August 31, 2013
R3JPEDQQR0JN6G::Russell Starner::After the purchase I didn't realize that the best place for the unit in up high. Unfortuately where I live now won't allow many things to be hanging on the walls. The biggest drawback to the unit is the cord that is used to plug the unit into the wall. I do like the battery backup feature. I got the unit for safty purposes. I had no reason to test the unit yet. I hope that I didn't waste money by buying the unit.::Russell A. Starner::3.0::November 21, 2007
R1XW6J6DF2C37B::Poor product::After inserting the batteries, the battery door would not close.  It will be difficult to trust this product to save your life.  Based on another reviews, this company should be ashamed of itself.::A. Narayana::1.0::August 2, 2009
R27ZEN8JTG680Y::EXPIRATION::The instructions (inside the sealed package) say that this device has a timer which will cease all functions after five years.  Screw that.  I guess I'm renting this thing.::Norm DePlume::1.0::March 10, 2010
R23M3ROCWXJ7U::End of the line::My last purchase at amazon.com.  I bought two alarms.  One worked, one did not.  Alarm horn did not sound.  Had a previous problem buying a blood pressure machine, grotesquely misdescribed on the website.  I have heard that Amazon has a no-return policy.  Really does not matter.  My time is too valuable to pack, address and go to the post office.  Bye Amazon.  Bye First Alert.::David C. Hall::1.0::January 16, 2011
R3SX0MEMBA9FE8::Excellent Quality And Value::I set up my first video surveillance system using this cable wire and could not be more pleased with the ease of installation and the obvious durability and quality of the cable. I would recommend this item to anyone, and in fact I am buying more today in order to install my fourth camera. I need to monitor my workshop to determine if the cats are going in this winter. They have a cat door and cat houses inside the workshop with heated pads. I rescued a tomcat in the spring and my three original cats are staying out all night sometimes. I can monitor to see that they are safe and warm without going outdoors to check the barn. In regard to this cable, initially I bought this roll and more to monitor the barn entrance, main driveway, and Halloween Display that I put up every year. So far I could not be more pleased.::Scorpio Sun 46::5.0::November 21, 2011
RLFEUTTCP1L73::Very weak contacts, broke during instalation, doesn't worth it::Just lost my money. The picture showed for a minute, then started blinking. Tried to improve the contact and it completely broke. Luckily it was only one of the cables that I installed for my cameras. Used a reserved cable from another company, which was much more solid and worked right away. I will cut this one and remove from the trace once I have a chance. Just lost my time and money.BNC broke inside somewhere near connectors very soon after installation. RCA never worked. I don't think I can cut the end of the cable and attach a new connector, doesn't worth it at all.::DSh::1.0::April 22, 2013
RK6RRHOM7LPRO::good cord::good cord but the connections could be better. The most little movement sometimes made it glitch out, pretty good cord just needs better connections::Hunter::3.0::March 6, 2013
RIYRYZF6CZ8XV::great::great, what else can I say, I can see the video on my tv very clear, so, great.1 month of use already and still working great..::duglas::5.0::December 30, 2011
R3V8K9WHS79OU7::Works fine::Not the highest quality cable, and it's not shielded, but it works just fine for it's purpose. Good product for the money.::DG::4.0::May 23, 2014
RIVPYS9J9ZYUI::for mike, power, & video in same together.::Took of 2 stars as one RCA center pin broke off, plus rest of RCA outside metal quite thin and weak...bends out too easily.  Will need to replace the bad RCA plug. Bought 50' for my 2nd camera, as 100' was way too much for getting to first camera location. Should have measured distance before the order ! Neither length of cable affects video or audio quality. A little research needed if you are also using the mike, as included instructions really only show connections without using a mike.  Becomes a bit confusing, as color matching is not the secret.::ken::3.0::May 20, 2014
R1JVC5LEW27XK5::I slipped up.::I read feet for meters. So each is just over 15 meters in length. I was looking for 50 meters. My fault. Cables are professionally made of high quality. The extra BNC plugs are sure to come in handy. I will be asking the firm if they make a 50 meter length and if so I will order. Goods arrived, well packed and in good time.::Philip William Cordrey::5.0::May 4, 2014
R3ODSH2QUVCDEM::works good::The audio and video comes out good. Worked with new camera I bought and old swann cameras I had. Will buy more for sure if I need one in the future::asnake assefa::4.0::April 5, 2014
R2G431LZTFOF7S::they work::these cables do what they are intended to do. I hooked up a microphone to an existing security camera and everything went smoothly.::James M.::4.0::March 11, 2014
R1GLWZVOMRASX::Does the Job!::I purchased this cable to run sound and a camera in my backyard.  It is longer than I need, and I wish that they had 25' lengths, but for the price, I can't complain.  It did the job, and produced clear video and sound.  Highly recommend this company for any of your cabling needs.::Ft. Stafford "Ft. Stafford"::5.0::February 23, 2014
R3VJ7F05I765ZE::great for security cameras::purchased for a security camera for my house and backup cam for my car. makes swapping cameras much easier and i have the ability to not cut crimps or solders every time i need to work or change the camera. makes installations much easier::Blackace04::4.0::February 16, 2014
R38MVOZFIN4KU8::does its job::perfect length ,ideal for its purpose,i have no complain about it.it bring power and video audio over the same cord::alexander lavin::5.0::January 5, 2014
R2R75U5ZEDWLEF::Does what it's made for::This does the job very well. Picture is sharp day and night. Sound is crystal clear. I would advise a higher grade cable for longer distances.::Echosyn::5.0::November 21, 2013
R1TU6INBXV3VPD::Does what it suppose to do!::Inexpensive and does exactly what it suppose to do.  The length is long enough for most needs with a little extra if needed, otherwise, good product, fast shipping and does what I need it to do.::Phuong Ha::5.0::October 27, 2013
R21W7L57EOXWLM::seting::I have camera :VideoSecu Day Night Audio Video Outdoor Bullet Security Camera 520TVL High Resolution Built-in Microphone IR-Cut Filter Infrared for CCTV Home SurveilI use Meiego 8CH PCI H.264 200fps/240fps Security Digital 4CH Audio CCTV DVR BNC Capture CardI dpnt know how make  focus,zoom or irs?video and audio is ok..perfect....can u help?::Dragon M.::5.0::October 19, 2013
R3UZ58P7HPGTHP::Met my needs for the video camera I purchased::I read several reviews where people claimed this cable was flimsy; I see nothing wrong with it....the connectors for the video are a bit, will become loose if not tightened good::Richard A::4.0::October 10, 2013
R1DF7QNK5YVWXK::50 Ft Audio/Video/Power for CCTV security::This cable arrived on time and worked pretty good. You just have to be aware that signal loss can be expected the longer your run is.::Steven::4.0::September 30, 2013
R3T9KA9GLG8JX6::I received what I expected::I received what I expected, brand new, I am very happy with the product and I would recommend this camera cable..::Mariusz Rakowski::5.0::September 28, 2013
R1IZ3RWC3FMN91::Good::was not perfect match for swannview dvr. Got it working by switching around cablesProduct is not bad  happy shopping::imran aslam::3.0::September 10, 2013
R1U21BZXTD15R4::Good quality cable::The cable work well and seemed to be high-quality. You get a good signal..It would ship promptly, I would recommend this product.::gary gutermuth::4.0::August 30, 2013
R2S2G3TS0G6E3U::Great Product::Exactly fit my needs. Was plug play into my Qsee model cameras. The RCA cable was an added plus which helped connect to my extended monitor.::Black Cobra::5.0::August 29, 2013
R3C5KEQV6XA0M6::Does what it's supposed to do.::I Just got it and it's working, so far so good (keeping fingers crossed). Got it to extend camera distance.::CyberSaver::4.0::August 14, 2013
RTQOJX4OFG53J::Great price::I've purchased plenty of cables from videosecu, always amazes my clients when they go to the local tech stores and then get my quote... These are always cheaper than the local, and usually by at least 10 dollars!::Aaron Gustafson::5.0::July 2, 2013
R198MNEVL04DUR::As expected::Hard to review as simple a product as wire but I can say that it works flawlessly. Have not had a problem since I installed it in my system.::P. M. Leavitt "JudgeGuy"::4.0::June 17, 2013
R3CCY3NH8GKLC3::Cable for security camera::This cable is quite long (50 feet) which was just right for my needs. It has all the right connectors and adaptors for just about any camera and power supply.::mikey::5.0::June 2, 2013
R2J6FI761PXI9O::Good Product::I really thought that it was a good quality product and It think that it did the job as expected.::Dale Jansen::4.0::April 23, 2013
R2OFTASCCXLSEX::recived 1 week late::well every thing thatt they said was coming came but it came a week late . It said on the web site that it was dileverd 4 days before i finaly recived .::Dan::3.0::April 4, 2013
R6K4LLW51GHES::its just wire cable no big deal either way::We all need wire at times for different projects,,, so while it is true that some HDMI cables do not work well, these don't really seem to matter , but if I am wrong someone please let me know... thanks::Edward Gerry "HAPPYMAN"::3.0::March 26, 2013
R36O8ZKEKDGN4Z::Great Purchase::Great purchase for wired security cameras! I bought this for my camera and these wires worked perfectly! Great purchase for a lot of wiring!::Devin Halbert::5.0::February 27, 2013
R1E1644JOMRM72::Works with my video camera and DVR::I had these wires installed while my house was being built, and it connects my video cameras to my security DVR with no problems.::Aris Abeleda::5.0::February 24, 2013
R327QGK5OCHTSJ::Works very well!::OK! What else can one say to describe one's satisfaction in a 50 foot coil of power video audio security camera wire? :)::Eddie F Bryant::5.0::January 23, 2013
R2FQZTPGDRGBWS::For easy security camera hook up! This cant be beat!::Not much to say about this product , other than, it works great and you will need it for easy camera installation Thanks!!::Eric V::5.0::December 13, 2012
R1XXDO3Z9GQQBO::Camera Cable::I bought this along with a camera.The Cable was fairly easy to install because of its flexibility.I get good pictures.::Black Eyes "Frosed"::5.0::November 23, 2012
R3JSDMPJ0774PW::audio and video WOW::great cables for my security cameras. dont expect a problem with them and would definitely buy again from buyer.  i love em::marco::5.0::September 21, 2012
RSB3BL7YUGVVI::Not bad::Cable works well yet it is on the cheap side, do not kink wire next to ends might short out.::tacmtz::3.0::April 22, 2012
R17DS6GFLA2CLP::VideoSecu 50 ft power VA security Camera cable wire::Works really well with our QSee security camera. We've had it for a few weeks now, and have not had any issues with it.  Video output is clear, and not grainy. I definitely recommend it to others.::marie::5.0::April 17, 2012
RYGBMFOZQG97F::Great price for quality cable::Although 50 feet long, this quality cable does not appear to cause any signal loss. Came with extra adapters. What more could you ask for? It's good!::Rodion Khoruzhenko::5.0::April 1, 2012
R3JZZUZMYO5ZZZ::security camera cable::Great product. Was using regular co-ax but this is easier to feed through smaller holes as the wire is much thinner.::Paul K. Graham Sr.::4.0::September 28, 2011
R1Y15IA4XFPLQU::Light wight, but works well::This cable is not as heavy duty as those siamese cables. However, there is no noticiable difference in image quality compared to those high priced RG59/18/2 cables at 50 foot. I used this cables in my store and they work great. Well worth the price::K Brown::5.0::March 28, 2011
R3J2TG1KI6I5PW::Good cable great for home use::Good cable firmly attached and well built connectors. Cable had okay shielding I would lean towards a better shielded for business use. All in all I would recommend for home use.::Superdesi::4.0::February 4, 2011
RLO57O1UA73W0::Good low-cost cable product from VideoSecu::On repeat orders, every cable I have purchased from this vendor arrived promptly in good condition.I have been using Amazon purchased these low-cost cables from VideoSecu for 2 years so far, andfound them to be reliable.  The connectors are compatible with standard NTSC security cameras.::Geoff::5.0::January 9, 2014
R16AWPBIX4HJ3B::JUST AS PROMISED::VIDEO SECU DID ALL THAT WAS PROMISED AND DID IT FASTER THAN WAS EVEN EXPECTED. I WOULD RECOMEND THEM TO EVERYONE  LOOKING FOR SURVEILANCE EQUIPMENT OR ACCESORIES.::JEREMY MCCELLON::5.0::March 13, 2013
R9581H94PQ5NO::A great deal::I got this cable for a short security camera run that I needed to make and have a mic. This cable is nice because it has the audio line builtin with the camera power and signal cable. Would purchase again without question::snackdaddy::5.0::June 24, 2012
R1KXM6LZDL8MEU::best cable for the price::Little to no loss of signal or power over the same cable. Better than the white one I reviewed before.::hacks illumine::5.0::May 2, 2011
R23RS4WP2F82V::50 ft pre-made -- limited use only!::Video terminates in an RCA plug.  If you need to use the BNC adapter, good luck.  it doesn't stay tight.Power side is only a 28AWG - WAY too thin, particularly for 12VDC; there's simply too much voltage drop.These cables are good for doing an on-site demo, or trade show.  Don't consider these for a permanent production environment.::Fuller Computer Solutions, Inc. "Systems Inte...::2.0::November 19, 2007
RLWXN826PLWSH::Squirrel Cam::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUrefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso;	   


function cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.write("cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KU', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KU';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KU', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KU";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m39X7WM2Z63158";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m39X7WM2Z63158";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "RLWXN826PLWSH";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m39X7WM2Z63158/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KU', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUnewHeight(h);

  cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUso.write("cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KURollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KURollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81b-XHzPlsS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUpreplayImageId');
if (cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUpreplay) {
  cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81b-XHzPlsS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81b-XHzPlsS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUcurrentClick) {
      return cv_mo1LQPFNI3VD6KUcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 1:58 MinsThis video was taken with a Kodak EasyShare DX4530 5MP Digital Camera w/ 3x Optical Zoom aimed at my Insignia HD LCD TV that is projecting the images from the Instapark 1.2GHZ Hidden Mini Pinhole Nanny / Spy Wireless Color Video Camera with Microphone.. The "Beeping" sound is from a Driveway Patrol Sensor and Receiver Kit that I have mounted inside a feeder........... Yes I live a boring life :)BTW, The video did lose about 10% clarity from being taken with the Kodak from the TV.Overall a nice wireless video spy camera, but a 500' range? More like 50'-75' range.UPDATE: 04/25/12I had to take down the camera and feeder (along with all the Peanuts) :( because the Squirrel's UGLY "Cousins" aka the Rats started visiting!I wish I took videos of the "Mexican Standoffs" and seldom skirmishes between them.BTW: The Squirrels always came out the "Victor"::Jersey Chuck::5.0::May 1, 2010
R16B50FS84OMTJ::Works great::Camera is small and discrete. It works great and the picture and sound is acceptable. The downside is that the camera eats up 9V batteries when you use wirelessly and the camera and receiver cannot be too far apart or you will lose the signal. Also on the signal, there is intermittent static and distortion at certain times and if the camera and receiver are placed too far apart.::K. Espinosa "GadgetMan"::5.0::February 26, 2010
R2EQUCAHK9FI2L::More than worth its weight in anything you'd care to name -- FOR THE RIGHT APPLICATIONS::We use this as a supplement to a standard baby monitor.  It allows us to see *what* the little guy is doing, without peeking in the door, which will guarantee that if he's awake he *will* see us, and that's it, even if he'd otherwise go back to sleep on his own.Now for function.  This is extremely easy to set up, and doesn't seem to have any interference from our wifi N home network.  We use the wall-wart power supply, so I cannot comment on battery life.  We're only transmitting about 10 feet, through the front and back walls of a closet.The picture quality is pretty good -- not excellent, but pretty good -- *IF* the light levels are high enough, that is.As the light level drops off, the quality of the image drops with it.  We have it in a room that at night is lit only with a 40 Watt bulb, and the picture is grainy, but more than sufficient to tell what our baby is doing.  We can't see if his eyes are open, for instance, but we can see if he's still, looking around, moving around, etc.If you application is not dependent on high image quality, then you're likely to be happy.  If it is, then you probably won't be.::NatCh::5.0::September 1, 2011
RIATOJBDIZN7L::Tiny... that's for sure!::I just received my camera today and was impresses with the color quality.... not so much the sound and low lit environments. Great deal for the price though. Just make sure you have a good supply of 9volt batteries on hand because the camera powers through them pretty quick, but for the overall performance that is alright with me. Good buy!::Dwight Schrute::4.0::March 9, 2010
RF1AQRJH07RTK::Depends on Your Needs.::OK...I'm having tons of fun with this cam, but it definitely has some limitations.Its small (though larger than represented in that photo with the penny).This *is* the one I ordered, but I was sent a 2.4GH cam, with a built-in mic.Can't argue with an upgrade!Funny - the last page of the little setup booklet has a warranty reg form, but nowhere in or on any of the packaging is there any indication where to send the thing in.The cam has good range - about 200 feet with a clear line-of-site between the cam and receiver.The receiver is small and lightweight, and can be mounted on a wall. The tuner pot is a little funky.We have plenty of interference in our house - PA speakers, guitar amps, wireless routers, cell phone boosters, and even a metal roof, so its not surprising that there is some issues with reception, in the form if lines. It seemed to help if I used an RCA cable that was more heavily shielded, and definitely helped if both the cam and receiver were outdoors, away from all those crazy invisible signals in the house.Things this cam would be good for:Foaling/Kidding/Lambing barns.Wildlife watchingbaby/playroom monitoringRemote securityDon't expect super high quality imaging from this. You don't want to use it to make fine art or major motion pics.The mic is pretty darned useless - too much interference. I have given up on its audio and just use a separate mice.Its not the best cam I have, but the wireless part is helpful to me when I'm working in my studio and want to broadcast online.::TypicalGirl::3.0::September 23, 2010
R33O2IWH274PWW::Eh, it works::First off, the first photo (the one with the camera between the fingers) is very very misleading, in fact it's not even this product. A more accurate representation of the item is the 2nd and so on photos.Don't bother with the batteries, 9V batteries are very very expensive and this one will burn through one in about an hour and 15 minutes. Find a way to use the wall adapter, the range and video quality seems, to me, ALOT better when using AC power. I can get about 100 feet away (cam outside, rec. inside) from the receiever using a battery before the signal pixelates and craps out. Pretty much double that when you're using the AC adapter.It serves the purpose it was made for, a small discreet camera, it's not an HD picture but it's pretty good and works for what I need it to do, look at who is coming up the driveway and what animal strew my trash up and down the street this week. BTW, it's indoor use only, find you a nice window to aim it out.. or in.::Random Item Buyer::4.0::April 10, 2012
R18ZSYQCJQFJHX::You get what you pay for::As the cheapest wireless camera on the market, you get what you pay for.  The picture will be fuzzy and greenish, you have to fiddle with the tuner a lot, a battery lasts maybe an hour, and it needs a lot of light - But with the EasyCap USB adapter and some video recording freeware you can have an instant security camera!::J. Ktejik::4.0::July 6, 2010
RU5MADLJSUPQ5::Nice camera, but average in low light::Mini and tiny, you can place it anywhere you want with the 9V battery.Average image quality in low light. Worth trying.::Ralph Nader::3.0::January 13, 2010
R1JANZDCXI2A4L::very close to non-functional for wireless use::I purchased four of these units, a couple DVRs, a couple receivers, and the adapters to interface to my computer.  While these may work OK when plugged directly into power (I have not tested this), the 9v functionality is very very limited.  At a range of 2-3 feet, I had unreliable signal quality, and would frequently lose signal completely.  This product could be useful if you can keep everything plugged in constantly, and particularly if you can plug things in directly at the camera... but then, why did you go with wireless?::William B. Ralphs::1.0::April 4, 2012
R3UEUF1L944VEP::Exactly what I wanted::It was a little bigger and heavier then I expected but it still worked out nice. Great product for a great price.::Bryson Higgins::5.0::January 2, 2011
R31FQU9G666YBE::Look elsewhere::I got this as an upgrade, but you can find this product at a better price. I purchased this same item under a different description and half the price. Stay away, look around, get a deal.::Thomas Dowdell::1.0::December 12, 2012
R2J5WY7FIM2EIA::ex product highly recomended::very good audio and video. range is more than  expected. easily converted to digital. find out what people are doing behind your back while pretending to love you.::cre8tor34::5.0::October 13, 2012
R3HB7FHVZPZM96::Decent Camera::I've had similar products at around $50 that only did video and this unit does audio as well.The camera tends to fail in low light and easily over exposes in bright light however it is a tiny little camera with a small sensor and cheap lens.The wireless signal does not travel far however try to switch between one of the 4 channels on the back of the camera to see which does best for you.  I would say anything past 30 feet is not going to happen even though the description says it will go to 500 feet.....Overall it's a decent little product and if you need something simple and cheap, it will work for you in most cases and I do recommend it....I also suggest if you can save up for something a bit better, save up and go elsewhere.::SonicOrbStudios "SonicOrbStudios"::4.0::May 30, 2012
R2IO8ZZUEY9NB3::Good small wireless Cam::This system works as good as you might think. It does run through batteries pretty quickly, so plan to have it plugged in or buy some rechargeables. Also, I had sort of assumed the view would be a bit of a fish lens, given the size, but its not at all. Thus, it makes it a little hard for setting it to watch certain areas (front porch, wall-to-wall garage, etc).::Weeble::4.0::October 12, 2010
R1KO3SU9WXIEAY::Good for what it is....::This camera is good for what it is. It's relatively inexpensive - don't expect great video. It's about being small and discrete. My issue with it is the range - even plugged in with the AC adapter, it can't reliably deliver an image to the receiver at more than ~30 feet. Upstairs and across the house doesn't work well.For what it costs it's usable video camera. Actually, it's amazing considering the size and cost. But set your expectations appropriately.::D. Richardson "D.R."::4.0::August 8, 2010
R1YAOWEBM259XF::Do not buy::This did not work with a battery as stated.  It also needed other components in order for it to work for my needs.  The description of the item did not adequately inform the customer of these needs.::wise one::1.0::July 2, 2012
R1YXD4HZYLTKGB::Mine works.::Mine works great.  I don't know why everyone with one-star reviews simply gives up on these cameras.  The receiver unit has a tuner knob which gave me the impression signals change easily.  This is due to a number of reasons; interference from other devices, walls, floors, metal framing, cell signals, etc.  I intend on keeping mine plugged into the AC all the time.  The distance is 50m for sure!  (not feet, 1m ~ 3ft)  I have a completely wood framed house.  Every time I move the camera, I expect to do a little tweaking with both the receiver antenna or the tuning knob.  Sometimes there's a short delay for receiving a good-quality picture with the tuning knob and perhaps this is why some people give up easily.There's another product on Amazon called a EZCap USB device for about $8 and ships from Hong Kong.  This enables receiving the signals from the receiver and into your computer similar to a web cam.  A program that's free to use is called YAWCAM software out there and captures everything for FTP streaming.  This device can be hooked up to a VCR to record your movies onto DVD through computer software.Overall, this is easily 5 stars for me.::Wild Wabbit::5.0::May 24, 2012
R1MLXK9QUIQGRO::Great so far::Bought this camera to replace a similar, $200 model that burned itself out. Thought I would try this one due to the price. I'm extremely pleased with the purchase so far. The video quality is excellent (disclaimer: I've only used it in good-to-excellent lighting conditions), sound is good, everything works as expected. Well worth the money compared to pricier wireless cameras that do the exact same thing!::Heather::5.0::February 23, 2012
R3QQGMR6QR54BV::Out of the box, Never Worked!::I was really excited to purchase this system.  Right out of the box it NEVER worked.  It arrived completely DOA.  No camera syncing, no display menus, no NOTHING!  Total waste of money and time.::Jasberly::1.0::December 3, 2012
R1NTYFY68I69XN::Bad connection::The system is limited for connecting to any monitor device. I have 4 TVs and several computers, The analog RCA (composite) connection would only work on 1 TV.  The signal was lousy and Fine Tuning knob was iffy at best.  If the connection was a cable outlet I could have connected it to my PC where I was hoping to record video.  Not that it would be a good recording on any device.Its a cool camera even with the poorly designed stand that has limited adjustment and no way to detach it.  There is also a 1" antenna that they fail to show in the pictures.I know its a cheap price.. and that is what you get.. a cheap toy!I will be returning this and spend a couple bucks for a wifi camera.::John Milano::1.0::May 12, 2014
R2JDSOHCIK33EU::Great::This is tiny and ridiculous.  The image is as good as much bigger cameras and the little antenna and stand are not much bigger than the camera.  Distance range for me is just about 50.  This thing is so small I lost it.  No kidding.  It uses a 9v battery or plugs into an outlet (which I used).  Highly recommend.::Sunny::5.0::January 20, 2014
R686J6W1VHBYJ::bad quality::very poor quality looks nothing like the guys video and also doesn't look like the camera shown in the picture i used it for about 3 minutes and haven't touched it since .::Alex::3.0::January 8, 2011
RFN5OER59TAAL::Awesome picture from a small camera....::great picture out of this small camera, tested it in several locations and so far, so good.inexpensive way to keep an eye on things, running this on DVR32 system for big company.good for blindspots in building or warehouse....::Abel::5.0::May 24, 2013
R27N9U41EINEO2::Not sure this is really 1.2 Ghz::Just received my 1.2 Ghz wireless camera. I purchased this one specifically because it is supposed to be 1.2 Ghz as opposed to the more popular 2.4 Ghz model which has interference issues with Wi-Fi routers. The bar code sticker on the box itself says 1.2 Ghz, but the receiver unit inside the box says 2.4 right on it. Also, the product manual included is titled 2.4 Ghz. I tested the camera with the receiver next to my Wi-Fi router and interference was not as bad as my previous camera so it's possible that the receiver and manual are mis-labeled, but I will never know for sure.As for video quality, range, etc. You get what you pay for. This does exactly what I expected it to do and that's good enough for me. I use this for RC vehicles. It will have interference from the radio controller, but for the money I can't complain.::M. Baughn::4.0::June 27, 2011
R1SJMH6R9ZS71A::Great::It works very well I know exactly who is in my driveway before I go to the door or not.::hellga::5.0::February 1, 2014
R20PDYMNT6I0K5::On time delivery service, but bad product::Signal is extremely weak. I put the camera next to  the receiver, but the receiver could not receive any decent signal. I tried to adjust frequency of receiver, and the best I could get was a jumping screen, and some static noises.::Luan Tran "bgmctl"::1.0::October 14, 2013
R1D46C7QXL8ZHV::2.4 Ghz wireless system::I have tryed the system out and it works real good , The colr and how clear the pictures are.  Thank You  Joe::JosephA Gasiorowski::5.0::May 21, 2013
R3GI9HPL540VHD::Good hidden camera::This is simple to use  and highly effective. The video and sound were good quality.  I  would highly recommend this for a nanny cam.::Francesca High::4.0::May 2, 2013
R3N7Y9JR4G9QG1::Great little camera especially at this price::I was skeptical at first but this little thing worked great for me. I thought it was broken until I turned the tuning knob to just the right spot as some other review suggested.I`m not using it at any great range so I can`t comment on that or battery usage.Will probably get another one.::S. Baekeland "jazz creature"::5.0::February 13, 2013
R1JKX36AIJPUDQ::Works great::For the price you cannot beat this product. Easy to setup and despite other people saying that it would not work with the battery - I found it worked great.::Jake::5.0::January 19, 2013
R1PWFLX1QCSR2G::2.4 Ghz Wireless Surveillance system::It's great it won't occupied space, and you can hide we're you want ti put. The reception is good and clear::Elvin Cayobit::5.0::January 6, 2013
RK05RJVPVI1W9::Love it::I love this cam its so small u can put it anywhere an no 1 will notice it i have ordered more::John Depaul::5.0::December 22, 2012
R2IIJPZ4SHUKVX::If only. . .::This item works exactly as advertised and quite easily so as well.However, The advertised distance and reality are far apart.  Unless it was within feet of my pc and server, screen noise was extreme.At this price I have no complaints other than limitations.I just wish it were possible to make it an internet camera, but I am working on making that happen myself, perhaps with a pc card to plug the receiver's video and sound inputs into.We'll see. . .::Timothy R. Taino "Centaur1129"::3.0::July 9, 2012
R2FJ9RSCF6DXC3::it well not work::ti well not work with my hp 2000-428dx notebook so I got a video&audio; converter add said do not need a driver  it well not plug. try to get the right cord at best buy they said it can't work.so now what?::glen giesler::1.0::November 1, 2013
RGEHCRKHFMZNG::Junk camera if you really want audio::I found the interference in the electrical lines difficult to tune in.Clear picture otherwise as long as you need not hear anything, the audio is almost non existent.::k::1.0::June 4, 2014
R2IHC2O2QX81UN::Better than expected::The video and audio works very well , I was afraid of this purchase but I'm even buying more. The only reason I'm not giving 5starts is because doesn't record.::Duda::4.0::May 28, 2014
R2ZJIL81UMOUDS::Junk::Pure junk do not buy ever the greatest load of junk I have ever purchased ever,how do you people even charge money for this I don't even know what to say about this item once again a big thanks to amazon and the reseller for putting this item on the market and no limitations to what amazon or it's resellers can put up for sale with no restrictions what so ever and needless to say no returns ever::MICKYJOE::1.0::May 21, 2014
R2E4AQNY7IWP68::Small cammera::I could not get the Small camera to work.  It also has a bad rande on it. I put it with the other junky things I bought.::Robert Yonus::2.0::April 15, 2014
R1B113OSGHWB7B::Great size::Small with a great picture. Arrived on time and no problems with item. Would recomend to anyone who needs a small camera.::George Darling "Hognest"::5.0::March 27, 2014
R1RK9DJKL5XBCK::Train supports mini cam::It is being used in a Linoel model engine. It is a display at a Children's Meuseum.the kids love seeing themselves on TV when they come into view.::Bill Sheerin::4.0::October 3, 2013
R2WKRXO5YPFAI6::Hard to use on battery power::Does a decent job, but loses signal really easily when on batter power, even with fresh batteries. I had to connect it to the power adapter to make sure my signal stayed strong. I ended up buying a security camera from foscam.::herejere::3.0::July 14, 2013
R3TBY8KRD0QJXU::It functioned::This product functions but the range of the receiver in not very far and it very difficult to adjust properly. I probably will not buy this product again.::Jeremiah::3.0::April 6, 2013
R2H6XWHHNUQIK9::Cheap, fairly easy to use, not bad quality::Okay so I bought this thing along with the EasyCap USB adapter. This showed up first, so I started working with it, first just plugged into the back of my TV. Works great, easy to set up. Pictures not too shabby actually. Mic is okay. Haven't really tried maxing out the distance, but if I do I'll edit this review. For the time being I'm just using it as a camera over my driveway, so I can see who's coming in without having to get up :)with the EasyCap adapter, I've been using it to record as well. Using VLC Media Player works good with it, rather than the software that it came with.If you're having issues, fiddle with the Gain and also the "channel switch" in the back. It'll work.::TheTechGuy::4.0::February 7, 2013
R2UCZ5I0AIGQGZ::noncompatible::Hard to record the video using the computer. The picture is very blurry. Item has a difficult time staying in one place.::Xiangyi Lin::2.0::February 5, 2013
R2X2M1KMJJEW9F::Small cam::Nice and small. Using in the baby's room when I am working at my desk. (Also has sound ) Bonus::David Newsum::4.0::February 4, 2013
RVELDPM3W65MG::Not bad::The instructions for the product were not all that detailed, but it fairly served the purpose required of it, I guess.::Teasia40::3.0::January 8, 2013
R24C6MUH5KIOG5::2.4 Ghz Wireless Survillance System.::Not much to write. It was a joke. never worked. Never buy something lik that again. It was a waste of money.Total rip off.::Istvan Harakaly::1.0::January 8, 2013
RM1MFUS4BRNTS::Not very good.::It works OK, but the quality is low and it doesn't have much of a range. Build quality is a little low. I would not recommend this product. It was going to be used in an RC airplane, but it doesn't broadcast very far.::William Kommritz::2.0::June 20, 2012
R3V0MA5GMY8BU9::A Better Spy Than I::They say when it rains, it pours. And sometimes life just unzips and drowns you like a urinal cake in a rogue tsunami. That's how it's been at the office lately. And now I've been struck with that most insidious of office nuisances: workplace theft.Every day, I'd find something else missing at my desk. First, it was Post-Its. Then my three good clicky-top pens. Mousepads, headphones, those emergency airline bottles of gin in the bottom drawer -- all gone. I resolved to fight this sticky-fingered felon, and to protect what precious little stuff I had left.This little gem was just the ticket. Not only would I stop the thieving hound from taking my stuff -- I'd catch him red-handed on tape, to boot. And then... well, I don't know what then. Maybe I'd turn him in to the cops for a good beating. Or let the company send him to some sort of anti-theft deprogramming cult. I could torture him until he told me where he took my precious clicky-tops. The possibilities were endless.And this camera is fantastic. I dug through my pocket change to confirm the picture -- and it really IS the size of a penny! I hid the camera on a shelf in my cubicle and waited for the corporate cat burglar to strike again.Which he did, apparently. When I came in the next morning, the camera was gone. And he took my pocket change, the weaseling little jackhole. In place of the spy cam, he left a little doodle of a camera. On one of MY Post-Its that he stole the week before.Of course you realize, mystery smuggy-face pilferer: THIS MEANS WAR.::Zolton "Veni. Vidi. Reviewi."::4.0::October 12, 2010
R3VPCVBWORZCUS::please save ur money.  it's a toy ..::3 meters  long for wireless  and quality is 240p I think ..please save ur money.  it's a toy ..::A.Aziz::1.0::November 8, 2013
R2WCUL4KXB7N7R::This is a terrible camera.::The sound on this camera did not work at all. The image quality was okay at best when you finally find your camera on the receiver.::Kenazon::1.0::September 3, 2012
R263RCRZHFBJZJ::Junk spy cam::Spy cam is A piece of junk, only worked once.. Was a waist of money..  Will never purchase one of these again..::diane::1.0::August 14, 2013
R3KE4NQQ6BQJBB::bad::cheaply made, did not work right, did not come with tems to make it work right. not worth hooking up::ken Hingey::1.0::February 24, 2013
R2CK1T9Y83WLAQ::bought this item, it worked for about a week and a half. stopped.::I purchased this camera and it worked for about 1 week and  a couple days. THen stopped. Can I get my money back?::delano moore::1.0::February 19, 2013
R3CGL8FWJW699G::Minimal instructions::I thought this camera would be able to hook up to my pc or laptop. Can only be used with red/yellow cable hook ups. Best Buy didn't have any converters or USB connectors to help solve my needs. I had to return the camera.::Lone Tree, CO::2.0::December 2, 2010
RM92O7A87W4BE::bad bad bad::had to have cam and reciver in the same room to pic up signal. was a waste of money. i was trying to catch my spouse cheating. had to buy a different cam. that cought what i had expexted.::spyman::1.0::September 3, 2012
R1J5H1MX1BEIW3::No good::Only works in the same room won't go thru walls very hard to tune I when worked 1 time had good pic and sound not for me::Big Dave::1.0::December 3, 2012
R384FYT4UM2SD5::poor quality and mis-represented range::The online info stated the wireless camera range was 500 ft.  I bought this camera and the supplied booklet stated range is 300 ft unobstructed.  Picture quality is poor even within range. Maybe Amazon will read this and give me a refund.::daveW::1.0::August 29, 2013
R2DTBAL6CRK6E6::No range::Good picture at maybe 30 feet with no obstacles, direct line of sight only. Picture was pretty grainy, but good enough for a look see at what you're shooting at.::Jake::2.0::May 16, 2013
R3STVEM9841S35::DONT BUY IT!!! ITS A RIP OFF::This one comes on SALE on AMAZON, thinking it would be great to try it for the first time for my puppy while they playing. This POS doesn't even work !!! its pretty good distance for the receiver and the monitor wireless to communicate ( line of sight). NO luck Waste my tiime and money.  BEWARE!!::Seal::1.0::February 12, 2013
R13XM7O6SE7M7A::1.2 Ghz Wireless Surveillance System::I was not impressed with this camera. The video was wavy and very grainy. The batteries drained quickly and I can't say there was anything I liked about the camera.::Tom::2.0::March 20, 2011
R2LV5FW6ZC8Q62::You get what you pay for...::Camera fired right up, Picture quality was just OK, Not bad, but not great either. 15 minutes later I no longer had a picture and could not get it to start working properly again.Threw it in the trash, not worth even returning for a refund.::William P. Shivers "Paul"::1.0::May 24, 2012
RTOMO40HEWOF8::Satisfied::Nice arrived on time, packaging was area.  ....would not recommend using battery...worth the money. Picture quality is good in light and dark.  I never give anything a top rating because there is always room for improvement but if there were 10 stars this product would get 9.::W. Roger Brownlee "W. Roger Brownlee"::4.0::January 29, 2014
R2DHVYZSCEHRAX::BAW!::range sucks.receiver gets to hott.kills the batteries fast.range suckstoo much noiserange sucksdid i say the range sucks?If your keeping it stock ... good luck... Since im using a laptop battery pack plus an antennae amplifier... now I like it. still alot of noise i mean what the F is this ISO set for like 12800??? Anyway with the abuse this thing is getting on my RC car/plane/heli I dont want to buy an expensive one.... Thats one if its pro's its CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP!::Chuck Norris "PurplePete"::2.0::November 19, 2010
R2MGF4LXQEP5AL::2.4 Ghz Wireless Surveillance System::I believe the camera is faulty - the image "runs" constantly much like the old tvs  did. I'd really like to send it back for a replacement if that is permitted. At first  I thought maybe the distance between the camera and the receiver was too great, but even when I put both of them in the same room it still runs.::Ed Hill Sr::1.0::February 16, 2013
R1JSAKYMCWVMQ2::I want to record the video in the PC::I really need more instructions. I do not know how to transfer the camera images into the PC and record it. I dont want to finish buying cables, connectors, drivers to realize that a "more expensive" and reliable system can do the job.A spy cam supposes to be "unnoticed", I think that any web cam do the same function. I will appreciate if I can record the images in an USB flash drive directly from the Radio AV receiver. Any one knows How can I record the images when I am outside my home and still get unnoticed?::LCM "Lily"::3.0::April 14, 2009
RPPQFVGHAQP8Y::Not complete::I bought it & I couldn't use it it need to had its buttery & also it must connect to TV & that didn't helped me::Pen Name::1.0::November 3, 2013
R3OPXIB0CI90CU::Limited range::I thought it'd be fun to put this on my dog and record the video. With the 9-volt that needs to be attached, it can get clunky.  The video that I was able to capture was not very clear and the signal was easily disrupted by interference. The end result was a very choppy video.::V. Lee "vl000"::2.0::July 9, 2012
R24VRVTZT8W22C::DOA::I'd give this 0 stars if I could.I received the camera less than 24 hours after ordering, and the receiver was dead. Wouldn't power on at all.::Mark S::1.0::March 18, 2011
R2Z3UR2JY6P0XN::Is not what I expected. I am going to return the product.::I expected a fully video system.  It did not contain a DVR and I couldn't hook it up to my laptop.  Nor did I want to hook it up to my laptop.  I never used the system and instead purchased something at Walmart that might not have been as small but I at least understood it.2.4 Ghz Wireless Surveillance System::Elizabeth P::1.0::January 3, 2013
RCM0YDGV5EEAF::BC27B CCD CAMERA REVIEW.wmv::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Crefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5ChiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Crefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso;	   


function cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.write("cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5C', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5C';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5C', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5C";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m1NHX6VCYG0W1Y";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m1NHX6VCYG0W1Y";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "RCM0YDGV5EEAF";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m1NHX6VCYG0W1Y/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5C', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CnewHeight(h);

  cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cso.write("cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CRollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CRollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81X4iKBsihS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CpreplayImageId');
if (cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cpreplay) {
  cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81X4iKBsihS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81X4iKBsihS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5Cpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CcurrentClick) {
      return cv_mo1PJMJQBHJZR5CcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 7:45 MinsVideoSecu Indoor Outdoor Bullet Security Camera Sony CCD Weatherproof 3.6mm Wide View Angle Lens Camera for CCTV DVR Home Surveillance System 1CNThis video is a review of the CCD camera.::Robert::4.0::June 7, 2012
R3HU7CJ18KR4WA::Cheap camera, so expect to get what you pay for. Not waterproof.::I ordered this camera to place out at the end of my driveway under a light pole.  I didn't want one that had the integrated IR lamps since the motion capture function on the DVR picks up nothing but bugs flying in front of the camera that are interested in the IR lamps.  This is a big problem in Florida.  This camera fit the bill for my needs.The item says it is weatherproof.  I mounted it on an outdoor electrical box that is mounted on a 15 foot metal conduit that is pressed into the ground about 4 feet, which is easy to do in the Florida sand.  The camera worked great for a few weeks, and then after the first good rain of our rainy season the camera started to fog up.  The next day it rained some more, and this time there was visible water in the camera picture, and upon inspection in the front section in the camera against the lens window.This caused it to stop working.  Now since I had my mount set up for this particular camera, I just went and ordered another.  Meanwhile I took apart this camera and found that the "weatherproof" claim isn't all that substantiated with the build quality.  The camera unscrews in the middle, and that seam is covered with tape, the beige band you see in the picture of the product.  Yes, there was a gasket further in the seam, but the water just sitting in there behind the tape was bound to get in, or at least cause it to fog up in the heat cold changes throughout the day.So I took the camera completely apart and let it sit in some rice overnight to get the water out of it.  The next day the camera was working again.  Ok, good.  But I didn't want to do this every time it rained so I put in some dessicant pellets that I had laying around (after cooking them in the oven for a while to dry them out completely first).  This way if any water or humidity did get in, the dessicant would absorb it.I decided that the camera wasn't really waterproof and ready to be put in the path of our daily Florida rains, so I ended up building a rounded cover like you would see on other "bullet" cameras that have IR LEDs on them.  It covers the camera so the rain will just run off, and it also shields the front of the camera from the sun like a baseball cap.So long story short, don't plan on sticking this camera somewhere that isn't under cover from the rain.The picture quality is good, but there is a black band on the right side of the image that takes up about 5% of the screen, and this is present on the first and the second cameras that I bought of this type.  The wide angle is also good without too much of that fisheye effect.::DIAB "DIABox"::4.0::July 4, 2012
RUAHAZARGKLX9::Amazing cameras::I bought 2 of these to replace the standard cameras that came with my CCTV system.  The field of view on these is almost triple what I could see with the default cameras.  The colors are sharp and it performs beautifully in low light (much better than the so-called "night-vision" cameras that came with my system). These made the difference in turning my CCTV system from just a toy to a useful security and monitoring system.  With just 2 of these under the front eaves of my house I can view the front door, entire front yard, and driveway.::KDE::5.0::June 8, 2012
R2JPWHUBB6E6QT::Great hidden camera::I have this temporarily mounted in the crack of the overhead door of my garage to catch vandals.  It has been there 1 month.  I get clear color images in the daytime and with the help of a light in the alley, good black and white at night.  What I like best is that no one knows the camera is there because there are no red lights at night.::Cheryl Peterson::4.0::May 31, 2013
R2S4O9NIZUFZ8W::NOT weatherproof!::Bought this camera for outdoor use since it was advertised as weatherproof.  One rain and it was full of water.  I am sure it would be good indoors but not outdoors.::Amazon Customer::1.0::June 22, 2012
R32GY5GTHTIMY3::Gives excellent quality images::This security tv camera has a very clear and stable picture. I was amazed at the quality and ease of installation. I have 2 other cameras that pale in comparison. We have been using this camera for 3 months continuously without any problems.::P. Lakernick "pslake"::5.0::May 9, 2012
R2J2K7P01K3RU7::SMALL 3mm LENS::This camera has good color and BW picture rendition,reasonably sharp image for its size night picture is good, needs very little light to work,can't tell you anything about water resistance I use mine indoors.Good buy for the price.::Victor V.::4.0::June 9, 2013
R29G1LRO836VIB::It's a camera::I bought this camera for use in a computer vision project, mounting it inside a mini submarine.Pros: Good image, solid housing.Cons: For us noneAs it a surveillance cam it does have a fish-eye affect.I completely disassembled this thing and modified the housing, the weatherproofing consists of 2 o-rings that seal the cable entrance on the back end, that's it. If you had the need and some mechanical inclination it would be at all difficult to disassemble and do a more complete waterproofing.::Milkat::4.0::March 30, 2013
RFJL1BFAA24H9::Nice discrete camera::I like this camera because it's discrete and easy to hide. I have them mounted indoors and pointing out the window from the corner of the window frame. The picture isn't HD or anything but it gets the job done. When night falls the color fades and it looks black and white, and as it gets darker unless there is any ambient light in the background you can't see anything. I wish for the price they were slightly better quality but overall I'm satisfied.::Anonymous "tapeworm"::4.0::March 23, 2013
R45OI9SMYMWB1::Little Bigger than Appears::This sec cam works very well.  It replaced and older style bullet cam which was smaller. I thought this new one would be same size, but its actually a little bigger and bulkier. Although my old bullet cam was only B&W.; This one is color in daylight & B&W; at night. A free upgrade because I paid full price for my old bullet cam.  I saved $100 on this new bullet cam.  Nothing bad to say other than the size.  Still its a very good buy.::Hector H. Torres::4.0::January 6, 2013
R1LQA77RT3FMOD::An amazing product::I purchased this camera to go with my DVR. Camera is solid and reliable. It has a nice image. I got this wide angle camera, it covers twice the area that my old cameras do. I recommend it.::Dairy::5.0::October 3, 2011
R2CJCCNXZXV8T::Good Camera for the money::This is a great value and transmits a great picture.  Easy installation, compact, very sturdy, heavy case. Good value. Have purchased another this week.::John F. Keith::5.0::August 15, 2013
R391RP8ILA3ZXW::Great Camera, Great Value::You can't go wrong with this camera!  The wide angle lens is perfect and covers a wider area than I expected. It's only 1 1/4" in diameter and about 3" long so it can be discreetly mounted. I recessed it into a wall. The video is very crisp and the color is good. It even does well at night as long as you have some ambient light around. I'm not sure about its weatherproof qualities. From my experience with any camera, it's always best to mount it under a eve or somewhere where it not exposed directly to the elements.::Mike Flack::5.0::July 28, 2013
R2XRHJ481WSDXZ::you get what you paid for::if you are looking for a cheap way to monitor what is going on in a room, fine. it installs quick and easy. if you want to use it for i.d. purposes forget it. blurred areas throughout. kinda like looking through an aquarium.  spend the extra money and buy something that works.::dirkjal::3.0::March 14, 2013
R3FVW6ZXAF100Y::As desired::I bought this camera to replace an IR camera in my apartment window watching over my motorcycle while I'm at work. Price, shipping time, condition, and qualities, of the item were all as desired. The picture is not as high a quality as I would like, but there are few cameras anymore that are not IR. IR cameras looking through a glass window at night don't work so well, and I cannot mount the camera outside (apartments). It satisfies my desire (day and night surveillance), and connected as expected to my DVR setup.::Inq "inqunknown"::3.0::January 30, 2013
R1QK4REUAD9MRP::Happy customer::These are the best cameras that I have ever bought it meet my expectations and more. very good in day and night.::Ivan Rodriguez::5.0::January 28, 2013
RB69HI3L4JYRQ::great camera!::I been using this camera for about a month no problems at all picture quality is way better than may old ones.::joel r::5.0::November 22, 2012
R3PKLWVT4NHEA8::great camera, lousy mount.::The camera was far better than I thought it would be.The picture is sharp, good enough in IR for ID of the suspects.It mounts nicely, but the mount itself is kind of rough.It hides well, and with side lighting inside the shop, the picture is bright and clear.For the price, I was very impressed.::Allen-the-not-so-wise::4.0::October 22, 2012
R1515X5SM4I4HG::Not Weather Proof or Weather Resistant::This camera replaced a $25 camera I bought 6 months ago which works good, but the colors are off. So this was supposed to be an upgrade. At first, I was pretty impressed with this camera since it had a decent daytime picture & had a very good nighttime picture when facing my street. The street lights on my block provide enough light that this camera gave a night picture that was comparable to my Infrared Night Vision Cameras (See the pictures I uploaded yesterday). Also, even though it says it is "Weather Proof", I usually take that to mean "Weather Resistant", especially with cameras that are under $50, so I mount my outside cameras under eaves etc. to shield them from the elements.Unfortunately, less than 48 hours after installing this camera outside under the eave of my garage it has failed. When I reviewed playback of recordings from the first night, I noticed that it fogged up at dawn, then cleared itself up by noon. I took it down & inspected it, it seemed OK, so I assumed it fogged up outside the lens, not inside, so I put it back up. Today, on the 2nd day of use, I came home to see the live view was just fuzzy black & grey circles. I took the camera down again & you can see condensation has built up behind the lens.I really do not understand how this happened since it is not directly exposed & is somewhat shielded from the elements. It did not even rain, just a light drizzle followed by a heavy fog during the first morning. I have never bought an outside camera that has failed so fast.I also bought a 4 pack of camera cables from VideoSecu that were very thin & 3 of the 4 were no good right out of the box (see my other reviews). I notice all VideSecu products seem to have many good reviews here on Amazon, many more than most other security system products, but after my experiences with a few of their products, I suspect the reviews are mostly fake. I would advise people to stay away from VideoSecu since their products are cheap junk from China.::Jack::1.0::February 20, 2013
R1GBGT0VIATJ4O::Great in low light!::I'm quite impressed with this camera.  This is the first serious marketed-for-security camera I've bought, but it outperforms any webcam I've ever seen 9even expensive ones) and is working great for me.::M. Conrad::5.0::June 1, 2014
R24ZC75IO7SYZG::Looks nice but return and replace was required::The unit is metal and has a mat finish, which the picture looks plastic and shiny IMO.  The band on the camera as other reviews mention is just a label. Unit has quality weight to it but, was surprisingly larger then expected even though the dimensions are posted.The first unit worked fine in my office for a day but during install the camera never came on.  I returned and reordered since the mount was up and I needed a smaller camera in this area.  Second one has been working for a few weeks without issue.  Tough to tell with this one if the cheap price is worth the troubleshooting hassle.::Swarmier::4.0::May 27, 2014
R4CHEJW71XIW7::Hard to find non-infrared is worth the price!::Might seem pricy compared to many bullet cams but the no-infrared option is hard to find and lets you use it behind a window. I have several of them inside looking out and they work well.::Freddy::4.0::March 31, 2014
R2Y0W3U9G4SX23::fulfills its purpose, would be nice if it had IR capability (bvuilt in)::would be nice if it had IR capability (built in), had to purchase a IR spotlight for use with it.::Allison J. Parmalee::4.0::February 28, 2014
R2OEP8H74COH72::Good Camera::This camera was purchase for a security system.  It works just fine, but I wish I would have purchased a model with night vision.::Larry Fitt  "SCC man"::4.0::February 24, 2014
R1VTH7WFGUXJSM::Works perfectly!::Nothing special, but works perfectly! Replace an older CCD camera that died. Chose this one for the price. Couldn't be happier.::jhs::5.0::January 25, 2014
R1T3A7G3AV3WU7::Worked until the wires pulled out::The camera was a good size, just what I was looking for, and the picture quality was okay. However, after being installed about a week, I needed to adjust the angle. While adjusting it, I lost the picture. After some moving around, it was back and then gone again. I realized it was tugging on the cable. I opened the camera up and found no strain relief on the cable and it was barely soldered to the circuit board (some strands attached, some not). It's very small gauge cable with only a few strands each and while soldering the video wire back, the ground pulled apart from the board.I might try to replace the cable with something a little larger gauge and put a strain relief on it.::Matt from New York::3.0::September 15, 2013
RUQXMO419UMUV::NOT WEATHERPROOF!!!::The camera description claims that this camera is weatherproof, IT IS NOT!  My camera is now damaged and going in the trash, spend a little more and get something better.::Zooomis::1.0::May 15, 2013
RVTIT39ATFUR8::Works great!::Provides color picture when there is sufficient light, switches to BW when it is dark out. It doesn't have any IR leds, but is capable of sensing IR light. I've got this camera in one window and I put an IR emitter in another window, and it lights up the front door without blinding the camera. If you have any street lights or a porch light, it does appear to be sensitive enough to give a picture.::Brent Scoles::5.0::March 18, 2013
R2LIWB6OG8L4B1::very nice camera::This is a small bullet camera and it works very well.  It is not a 'night vision' camera and I knew that when ordering. but it still produces good video in low light.::FLDonna::5.0::September 30, 2012
R3TAXVRGZ4HUCW::Fast delivery and inexpensive camera::I know NOTHING about surveillance cameras, but I thought I might experiment with inexpensive camera equipment that would transmit VIDEO better. Fast shipment! I was impressed that this camera works better than I expected. The color saturation is very true, definitely going to buy a few more of these units in the future.::Dan::5.0::October 17, 2011
R2LSDYOC5M1ZLU::Great Spy Cam::This spy cam is so simple to use and it takes great videos on an SD memory card.  You can put the camera anywhere or mount it on the wall and it will record video for over a month.  The videos are in 30 second segments by date and time on the SD card.  It connects to the TV with one simple cable (supplied) for viewing and you can fast forward and rewind like a VCR with buttons on the back.  It can be used plugged in or can run on batteries.  This would be a good nanny cam or in an area you need to monitor for security purposes.  The only bad part is that it doesn't record video well in low light.  So, this is a day time cam.::K. O'Ryan::5.0::April 15, 2008
R22AKASPDCOQ8W::Recorder is okay; Vendor nor so much...::The Defender recorder does a decent job as long as you plan to plug it in for power.  Just don't plan on using battery power, or you will be changing them every two days.  The only real functional quirk I've run into is that to check the video, I need to unplug it from the power (obvious) to take it over to the TV.  But if it is turned off (or unplugged) while recording, the manual says some video can be corrupted.  Yet as you approach it, it will turn on from motion detection (sort of an awkward catch 22).  Anyway, I can live with that I think, just something to be aware of.  What really sucked is that I paid for upgraded premium shipping, but the vendor (JUSTBUYITHERE) took two weeks to ship.  I selected the vendor, because they were near by my Southern California location.  I thought paying extra for priority shipping meant I would have it in two or three days, but I didn't receive the item for over two weeks.  They did ship priority mail, just not for over a week!  Some vendors get it and some just don't.  All I can say is "JUSTBUYITHERE" just BLOWS!  I won't be doing any further business with them, and I recommend you don't.::David W.::3.0::September 11, 2009
R10HX0OK73WACP::Need daylight or min 2x 100 watts ligh bulbs to get decent images!::After reading all the good reviews. I decided to go for it. Oh, man I was so disappointed. This thing is a waste of money. So I thought it is my duty to put things right. The video images is very grainny under low light condition. Unuseable pixelated movie that can't tell the face or any details(color is wash out). You can only get decent video clip under bright day light or min. 2 x 100 watts light bulb lumination.Go for one with night vision or at least 2 Lux DVR if you want decent video clips otherwise if you can live with lousy image when condition get dark using this Stealth!I also find this camera with such poor quality video recording grossly over priced. Many cheaper spy cameras produces far sharper images then this. This is my personal experience and opinion.::P. Ong "nychguy"::1.0::October 2, 2010
RYBZQLU0FE4NA::Great Quality Video Output!::Pros: Discreet, Sensitive, Easy To Set Up, AccurateCons: Adapter Wire not white, Adapter Wire too shortBest Uses: Spying, Use your imaginationDescribe Yourself:Do-It-YourselfOverall... it's a great Device for Discreet spying and monitoring where you like. You can just pop in the SD card in to your card reader and the footages taken starts playing with Windows Media Player. I just wish it had sound as well, But I guess it would use double the memory, so I can see why they did not incorporate sound into it. The video Quality is Great. And for $250 it's a no brainier. If you are into gadgets and detective work This is definitely a must have. As I mentioned before the adapter wire is too short, though you can just cut the wire and extend it with another wire and use Electric tape to seal it.::A. Azizi::4.0::August 7, 2008
R1TM20I0JZRPOY::Motion sensor doesn't work::This camera had everything I needed in terms of features: battery operated, smallish, motion sensor.  The first time I tried to use it, the motion sensor stopped working after several hours.  The second time I tried to use it, the motion sensor stopped working after several minutes.  It looks good in the product description, but if it doesn't work, it's just no good.::S. Connolly::1.0::June 18, 2011
R30WWVA7T4S40I::Video Review on the Defender Stealth 1::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRrefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso;	   


function cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.write("cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVR', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVR';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVR', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVR";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m34Y3LRJSBHQ6C";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m34Y3LRJSBHQ6C";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R30WWVA7T4S40I";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m34Y3LRJSBHQ6C/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVR', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRnewHeight(h);

  cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRso.write("cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRRollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRRollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91ANVXPfkHS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRpreplayImageId');
if (cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRpreplay) {
  cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91ANVXPfkHS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91ANVXPfkHS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRcurrentClick) {
      return cv_mo1HA5XJEVIKIVRcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 4:13 MinsThere is a lot to like about the Stealth DVR by Defender. It offers an affordable way to covertly capture and record the events of an area. While such a device may not discourage criminals it certainly may make it easier for them to get apprehended. The Stealth DVR looks like any other motion detector, except for the small pinhole camera located at the bottom. Once activated the camera will record (with pretty good image quality) for a set amount of time. This ideal for use in a nursery (nanny cam), an office building (are the cleaning people stealing the change out of your desk) or other areas where you have lingering suspicions.Pros- Good video quality (see the video portion of the review)- Multi-position mounting bracket- Lots of control on how and when you want the camera to record- The main power source will likely be the AC adapter, but the camera can take 4 AA batteries as a back-up.- Comes with a 2G memory cardAreas for improvement- The reason for a 1/2 star reduction t is that it does take some time and patience to get the camera set-up correctly. The manual is helpful, but you may need to read through it a couple of times.- As other mentioned - this is a camera for a well lit area - once you have a significant reduction in light you start to have issues. A few others have mentioned that they are disappointed in the lack of sound. For me it is not that big of a deal. If you are going to use this camera the video capture is going to be far more useful than the sound emitted.- The video format is not Mac compatible - I used the Elgato 10020840 Video Capture Device (White) to capture and transfer the video to my Mac.Final Verdict - While the set-up can be a bit tricky the Stealth DVR provides impressive video quality. The Stealth DVR is a effective motion activated security camera.4 1/2  stars---Please note that the manufacturer sent me one unit for reviewing purposes---------::CKE::4.0::July 10, 2010
R2AQSUQKGWLTVT::Okay for the price::I have been playing with this video camera for two weeks and I have some thoughts:PROS- Good look from the front as far as being covert.  Looks like a traditional motion detector to most people.  Really good picture from about 3 feet away to 6 feet, then gets a little blury but still okay, not bad, still on the pro side of this story.  Removeable card is handy if you do a permanent install.  Has a mount on the back that I want to try soon.CONS - Battery drain is quick! You will need to use the AC for recording.  Batteries are just for when you are moving it around.  Lights on the back cannont be disabled, I put white electrical tape over them.  Need a large data card to get decent video storage, I guess this really depends on your application but the included card was too small for me.Overall, I was satisfied for the $200 price.::T. Ellis "tomsentry"::3.0::August 11, 2009
R9NFVE4HPTBU0::expensive, but works as advertised::my default software is able to play the videos that are captured with this unit, so I didn't need to install any additional software of drivers. I just put the card in my card reader and everything is there. You do HAVE to connect the unit to your TV to set it up. There is a built in menu that must be setup before you can use it. You can set it to record all the time or motion sensor. You can even set the times it should record if you know who or what you want to check on. The setup is a little confusing, but not too difficult. Once it's setup, it works really well. I set it up for motion sensing recording. The videos are just OK quality, about like most inexpensive surveillance cameras. If you know who you're looking at, it's easy to make out, sort of like a cell phone video recording.The unit is a little bigger than I expected, so it's not really "hidden". If you have an alarm system in your home, with motion sensors mounted inside, you can mount this and people might think it's just another, larger, sensor.If you're concerned about personal property, or need a nanny cam", this will do the trick. I just think it's expensive for what you get.::Amazon Customer "kepela"::3.0::June 29, 2009
R3AOOS44GN51Z3::Irritating, frustrating, irratic recording, crummy interface::After a few months with this camera, I have come to the conclusion that someone who is still using a bag phone, owns a tube-type television, and probably types business letters on an IBM Selectric designed this system. Why else would they have an programming system that is only accessible via television? Hello, there's this amazing newfangled thing called the LAPTOP, its use is darned near universal, and it is a bit more portable than my television set. It is also available in a larger version called the DESKTOP, which is pretty much ubiquitous in any modern office. Much more so than a tv.Since this system seems to be aimed at the small business market, why would you not create an interface that could be controlled by an easy computer link? And control it you must, because for some reason, the unit seems to lose its programming relatively frequently, at least my unit does.Although you can remove the SD card and view video on your computer, programming must be done using the RCA to RCA (male) Video Wire plugged directly in to a television set - not into your entertainment system, but direct to the TV (at least on our system, this is the only way I could get it to recognize the camera). The cable is short, and the control buttons are on the back of the unit, so if your RCA plug in is at the back of your TV set, you're left standing and holding the camera at an awkward angle, trying to figure out which button to push while looking at the instructions on the TV.And, here's the worst part, there is absolutely no way to set the camera up and watch what it is doing in real-time unless you are setting it up right next to a television monitor and have it plugged in constantly. You can't tell if the camera is actually recording, even if the angle is right. The procedure (without a TV nearby) is, turn on the camera, walk around in front of it for awhile, walk up to the camera and stand absolutely still for a minute to make sure it's not recording, then turn it off (if it's recording when you turn it off it corrupts the file on the SD card), remove the SD card, insert SD card into your computer, find out the stupid camera is not recording, take the camera back over to the TV set, struggle to plug it in, check the confusing programming and see what's wrong, fix the problem (you hope), take the camera back to it's location and start the whole procedure over again.The motion sensing unit on this camera is strange, it seems to work best at about 5' to 10' away, then works intermittently with anything closer or further away. And about 1/3rd of the time, it doesn't record at all, even with optimum lighting and environment.A security camera that doesn't work when you need it is almost worse than no security camera at all.We also have an older version of the Logitech wireless "Wilife" security cameras. We've used it during extended vacations to keep an eye on our animals and it's behaved with very few issues for years. I know people with older homes have some problems with the Wilife system due to their home wiring causing interference (the system using electrical plug-ins to transfer the signal from the camera to the base/computer), but if your home meets the criteria, the system works well. The price of Wilife cameras has reduced drastically since the new Logitech system has been released, and you can purchase TWO Wilife cameras for the price of one of these Defender systems. Because of this, and because of the poor interface and intermittent issues I've had with the Defender camera, there is no way I can recommend it.::P. Falcioni "Ducatisti"::1.0::September 9, 2011
RAB5IJ1GOW8SS::Excellent value - needs a better user manual::This little thing does crystal clear surveillance.  The owner's manual barely covers the basics but it is well worth your time to experiment with it.  One major omission from the manual - the unit must be connected to a monitor in order to set it up and aim it.  I have a pocket TV with a video input that works perfectly for this - since these TV's will be obsolete in February, you can probably pick one up CHEAP and use with the camera.  I love the motion detect feature - you can adjust the sensitivity and monitor only the "action" that you are looking for. Also love the playback from the unit or from computer.::Howard B. Shelton::4.0::October 17, 2008
R3VB0SUC1DARU0::Dead On Arrival......::I so wanted to try this item as I have issues with mailbox theft. I have now spend days trying to get this up & running to no avail. I have tried calling support and never even been able to speak to any human in 7 calls! After waiting on hold it eventually switches to a recording that asks me to leave my info so they can call me back. NOBODY has ever returned all my calls....I literally got so fed up I tossed this piece of junk into the trash. If I had paid cash for this item I would be livid. But just being asked to review it for Amazon Vine for free, I luckily have the luxury of just tossing this. Had it worked even to any small degree I would have at least given it 3 stars. But DEAD? Even for free it gets a big ZERO stars. The box mentions NO sound track is recorded either unlike my other 2 cameras I now use for surveillance of my mailbox. Maybe MY model is even more streamlined and they just decided to also eliminate the picture too......(sorry but this fiasco has been a REAL pain trying to deal with support that is NOT support etc).::USMC Combat Vet "Retired!"::1.0::June 22, 2011
R3O4LGZ7GMK1HU::Returned it::I was prepared to handle some of the drawbacks other folks have mentioned, but even then did not end up liking this product for several reasons and finally sent it back. Yes, it requires a TV for set up (I don't see the set up as being completely necessary) and yes, the cords are too short. However, the whole device seems to have been made with little to no thought put into actually designing it. If you mount it on the wall or keep it on a surface, either way, the video jack and one of the recording on/off buttons shows up right on top of the device - visible in plain view. I mean if this is meant to be a covert surveillance device, shouldn't it NOT be obvious to the other person (i.e. nanny) that they are being watched. I even tried to stick duct tape on the buttons that are visible from the outside, but the tape wouldn't stick. From whatever recording I did while testing it, the picture quality seemed ok, no complaints there. I mean it's not HD, but it's acceptable. All in all, I think there are much better and more covert products available. Bought two other devices today, will test them before posting. Hopefully I'll find something that works well.::FreeSpirit::2.0::September 15, 2011
R2GZRV8TOKH5ES::Best Disguised Security Camera::For a while, we've been looking for a way to monitor people working in our boat. We've never been able to pinpoint when some of our tools and miscellaneous items went missing.This device truly offers us the discretion we want to keep an eye on the different people who come and go by giving us the oportunity to weed the good from the bad contractors.Great quality video output. Very user friendly.::D. Giardini::4.0::September 10, 2008
R2EFPUAYSTW10N::Does what it promises, but OLD technology::Whether you're happy with this or not depends on your expectations. I guess if you come from the old-school technology world it's just fine; but for me coming from the modern digital world, I found a number of aspects unsatisfactory and wish I'd know about them earlier.Don't be fooled by the use of an SD card. At its heart this is old school technology. The CCD is 640x480, not high-def, and in low-light it shows the characteristic noisy artifacts of old school CCDs. There is no built-in display, rather you set it up (and view it if you wish) by connecting an old-school video cable (no HDMI here) sending an NTSC or PAL signal over the wire. Configuration is done using 5 small buttons on the back and will take you back to the days of configuring VCRs  or similar consumer electronics in the early 80s --- the sparse display, the clicking of buttons in some non-obvious way to get anything to happen.The biggest problem with this scheme is that when you want to mount the box, you will have to make allowances for some way to run the video cable from where the box is to a TV in order to see that it has view of the area that you want. This may not be a problem if you plan to have it connected to a TV full-time, and are running cable through a wall or whatever, but it's a big problem if, like me, your plan is to use it essentially as an on-going recorder, and to only need to view the footage in the (hopefully unlikely) case of an incident.The other worrying aspect about this being old school tech onto which modern technology has been crudely bolted is that I have no reason to believe that the recording to the SD card is done by code in any way written by someone who understood the relevant issues. What you would like in this scenario is the use of an extremely careful file system which ensures that under no circumstances will the file system and files ever be corrupted (even if the bad guys yank power from the device as soon as they see it). This device appears to promise nothing of the sort --- the manual specifically includes warnings about how you can corrupt the SD card is you do things in the wrong order, like remove power before telling it to stop recording. I mean, WTF? The single most likely response to the device being discovered is having its power yanked, and you're telling me that in that case all bets are off and its recording may be useless?Bottom line is that if you were hoping for a security box appropriate for 2013, this is a disappointment. It does what it promises to do, the old-school stuff, fine; but its pretensions of being relevant to the computer age are just pretensions.One final point to keep in mind is that the box is bigger than it looks, in particular it is quite a bit deeper than it seems from the photos, and the mounting system adds another two inches or so to its depth. It doesn't mount flush against any wall!The mounting bracket is superficially nice --- it allows for a fair bit of tilting the camera angle. However it is tightened simply by twisting a handle as tightly as you can, and to my eye looks like it will wear itself loose and have to be retightened every few months. I do wish a slightly more robust mount had been included --- this always seems to be where device makers skimp.::Maynard Handley::3.0::June 25, 2013
RH3K7QVO67H3Z::Easy setup, acceptable video quality, poor in low light::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNrefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso;	   


function cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.write("cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moWJMB70IB1HCN', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_moWJMB70IB1HCN';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moWJMB70IB1HCN', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_moWJMB70IB1HCN";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m1CO1YDUT6XBYT";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m1CO1YDUT6XBYT";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "RH3K7QVO67H3Z";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m1CO1YDUT6XBYT/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moWJMB70IB1HCN', 0, h);
}

function cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNnewHeight(h);

  cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNso.write("cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNRollOverImg = new Image();
cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNRollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81-LPJemKuS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNpreplayImageId');
if (cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNpreplay) {
  cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81-LPJemKuS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81-LPJemKuS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNcurrentClick) {
      return cv_moWJMB70IB1HCNcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 0:08 MinsThe video shown is a short clip -- a direct output from the Defender Stealth1 in 640x480, 12fps, and the default medium quality mode.  The files were formatted in .asf format, which I had to convert to .mov format to upload to Amazon.The Defender STEALTH1 Covert pinhole surveillance camera masquerades itself as a motion sensor.  This unit has its appeal for those looking to monitor certain areas covertly.  However, its poor performance in low light conditions limits this unit to use during the day time or areas where it is well lighted.After putting it through its paces, I came away pleased with the simplicity of setup, but could see where there is room for improvement.Pros:- Decent video output in lighted conditions.- Recording resolution and quality can be adjusted to your liking.  You can choose a resolution of 320x240 with 30 frames per second, or 640x480 with 12 frames per second.  Additionally, you can select either low, medium or high quality.  Adjusting these values will impact the length of video you can record so.- Ability to set it to record on motion (ability to adjust the detection sensitivity!), manually record (clicking the record button on the unit), or schedule recording (you can schedule it to use motion detection to record, or continuous)- Can either plug entire unit directly into TV using the provided RCA-to-RCA video cable to view content OR remove the SD card to play on your computer.- Ability to either flush mount it to the wall, or use the provided bracket.- Option to go completely wireless (not to be confused with wifi) by using (4) AA batteries instead of the provided corded power adapter.- No need for a separate DVR.Cons:- Poor in low light conditions -- could not see a thing!- Power cable is only 5' long.  In applications where you want to semi-permanently mount the unit, and provide it with a constant power source, the cable would be unsightly, and a dead giveaway.  However, this is minor as you have the option of using batteries.- No ability to view live streams from afar -- might be nice if this could be viewed over wifi.  No real fault of the product as it does what it says it does, but it would be an excellent feature to add.- No indicator lights to show SD card full or battery left.- Would be nice to be able to program the unit by plugging it into the computer instead of a TV.- Relatively large compared to actual motion detectors.::Gadget Geek::3.0::September 29, 2011
R1Y2WDO86I0BD5::2.5 Stars - Passable Security Device But Not Very Discrete::The Defender Stealth is a well built DVR system that includes everything you need to start recording.  Unfortunately the design is self defeating because it looks like a motion sensor (a security product) and is therefore sure to attract attention from anyone looking to evade detection.  I set this up while an electrician was working in a rental house.  He right away saw the camera in a corner and turned it off.  When I asked him about it he told me that he right away new it was a recording device of some kind so he simply pulled the plug out.  Even when I set this up to monitor through a window it has very poor picture quality that is barely usable as a security device. Not at all worth the price.*** Positive Points: ***- Comes with everything you need including memory card and mounting bracket- Decent DVR features built into the recorder- Compression makes it easy to record for long periods of time- Motion sensor function helps conserve space on memory card*** Negative Points: ***- Poor picture quality- No audio recording- No night vision technology- Records in 30 second clips- Large size and not very discrete- Easily defeated once someone picks it up and sees the uncovered SD card slot on the top of the deviceOverall:  You are better off with a dedicated security camera or a more discrete pinhole camera device.::FirePepper Red "firepepper red"::2.0::May 14, 2013
R3GWAU6XR6R79U::Consider alternative products::This product was frustrating from day 1.  First, you have to do the setup on a TV.  The power cord and component video cable are short, so it was a process just to connect it to the TV.  Next, the menu navigation is ridiculous.  The placement of the buttons on the back of the unit are not intuitive at all for navigating through the maze of menus.  When you finally get this thing set up properly, you finally get to see the video quality and ::facepalm:: Doh!  Is it 1995?Facial identification is almost impossible.  Low light conditions make things even worse.  This also does not record sound.  And a lot of the time, even when you set it to manually record, you discover later on that it did not record anything... not even creating a file for the recording on the SD card.  This has happened to me about a 1/3 of the time.  Oh, and the only way to watch recordings is to connect it to the TV, or put the Micro SD card into a computer.This is definitely a difficult product to recommend, especially considering the price it has been at for the past few months at the time of this review.  There are alternatives out there, and I suggest that you research them and choose one of them instead.::Juniorverse1::2.0::September 7, 2011
R12M13LOJGSOJO::Good, but not truly hidden, can't record in low light, batteries don't last::Works as advertised, almost.Pros:* Motion detection works well, and can be configured.* Multiple recording modes, including continuous and motion detect.* Multiple quality settings, to suit your needs and to provide the right balance between quality and memory usage.* Can be connected to TV to configure and view videos.* Fairly easy to setup.Cons:* The camera lens angle (especially in the vertical direction) is not wide enough to cover a large room.* Absolutely horrible is low light, even motion detect doesn't work. The video comes out totally dark, even when everything can be clearly seen with a naked eye.* I tried using rechargeable NiMH batteries, but they only lasted  2-3 hours, which means you have to use expensive lithium batteries or connect using the adapter. With adapter this camera is anything but hidden, unless you have other motion detectors in the house that look the same. Also, the adapter cord is short, which makes it harder to setup closer to the ceiling (hiding cord is much easier than hiding the adapter that ends up being half way up the wall). Outdoors it's even more obvious.Info:For highest quality recording, you'll need a bigger memory card, you only get about 9 hours on 2GB.Basically, unless you can place it on a shelf somewhere, with adapter/cord hidden behind, and unless you have plenty of light in the area of interest, I would not recommend this product. If you really need something hidden and useful, get a camera with low light capabilities that is hidden in an ordinary object that would not look out of place with a cord, like a lamp or a clock.::R. Riva::3.0::August 12, 2010
R39MYDVBEYKSMJ::Useful Stealthy Camera::Works well, pictures and video are very clear.  Battery life is short if there is a lot of video taken.  Plugging it in with included ac adapter solves this problem.  However, this then makes it more conspicuous.  Make sure to put this is a location that is hard to reach.  If someone figures out what it is it can just be stolen and all the incriminating video with it.::JC::4.0::September 9, 2009
R1NSI7Q7W9367H::Useless - Empty memory card on arrival::The memory card was empty (0 GB) when the recording system arrived and could not be manually reset/overwritten as it is "write protect" (that's the message that appeared on the TV screen after I followed the resetting/overwriting instructions).Despite the "24/7 live support" promised on the box, the only way to contact the company for technical support is to log in a case online and wait several days for someone to call back. Not convenient when you can only set up the system after hours (i.e. when the people you're "spying on" are not present).On a side note, the power cord is pretty short and I'm not sure it would have reached the power outlet I was planning to plug it in. However, there is a battery compartment that uses 4 AA batteries  which could have been useful if the system had been able to record, but without memory card... no recording possible :(::Christelleny::1.0::September 9, 2013
R3Q7HH8J8OOXI4::EXCELLENT PRODUCT::I bought this product and set it up the same day. I had a little problem with recording. The problem was that I did not know what I was doing. I called the company and the lady walked me through with pleasure. I bought this product for my mother and she is so excited and happy because she says this product works well for her. It records clear, easy to set up once you understand it's working, does not make noise, does not get hot, looks like a deodorant sprayer that goes into bathrooms. Instead of the SD card that they send to you, I recommend that you upgrade that card to a 32 SD card. I was so excited with the lady because she solved all my problems, gave me a quick course on the products functions, now I feel like an expert. If you are look for a camera to record that comes on by motion, something that the person cannot tell is a camera, this is the product you need. Have some light on where you set up this camera. It does work good with a little light but you do want to catch the person or things that is causing you grief. The price is great, I would have paid 250.00 for this product but it was much cheaper than this.::CHESTER RANDOLPH::5.0::December 18, 2012
R1UBLRYSFFIKQ4::Needs a light::The camera works well but it has to have plenty of light(wish it had one on it). The motion dectector has to have motion some what close esp. in dim light or it will not go off.  I like it esp. how easy it is to use and it serves its purpose.  We bought ours for safety because our grandmother lives with us.  With Nurses, Aides and some family members we bought this to make sure they were not doing anything to her when we were out.  So far everything is going well. It is worth buying the larger SD card so you don't have to worry about running out of memory.::Jill D. Mccreary "jdm"::4.0::April 30, 2009
RBDZGU561KCYQ::Frustrating...::This product has disappointed another night.  We would have caught the thief but the camera didn't work again properly.  I tried calling because the box said 24/7 customer service.  What a joke.  There is a recording reading the instruction manual.  Any questions they want emailed and you get a response in 2-3 business days.  To add insult to injury their response directs you to their instruction manual.  Don't waste your money.  You are better off with a company that is user friendly and customer oriented, not this company.::Wendy Lynn::1.0::October 21, 2013
R3UJ1I1YVJ7SI0::Good stealth, mediocre low light performance.::I love that this stealth camera "nannycam" fits in with a normal security system without looking obtrusive.  I wish it were just a slight bit smaller to fit in better, but perhaps other motion dectors are bigger than what I have installed.In daytime and good lighting conidtions this camera did well... it was splotchy in low light and did not do well in handling light sources inside its field of view.  They tended to overwhelm the color balance.  This solution uses lower technology image sensors at a standard definition line resolution.  It doesn't compare to the current Sony SuperHADII imagers paired with IR emitters, so dont expect it to.  For a hidden camera, it will do its job.The file storage is kept in time stamped clips in a micro SDHC inside of a SDHC adapter.  This makes it possible to plug it into your smartphone for playback or your laptop easily and its a great way to package the memory for this product.  MP4's are standard and no software is required.::Christopher Powell "Christopher"::4.0::September 28, 2011
R1KUDGLU23FYXA::Defender STEALTH1 Covert Surveillance Camera::I returned this item immediately.Maybe I didn't install it properly, but was never able to get any footage whatsoever.  Again, may have all been about my not understanding the instructions.  On a positive note, had no problems about the return and got a full refund.::Angel Dog::1.0::February 17, 2011
R11NBYATSW3QBC::Not bad::I've used this for 1 week now. Install was easy. I installed using an AC adapter. The cord that comes with this is pretty short and white. I work in a distribution setting so anything that bright really stands out. I had to dirty up the casing so it would blend in. I also used a black adapter so it also would blend with setting.I have not tried battery only and likely will not given their short life. I bought a 32 gb SD card and it recorded a weeks worth of video clips (2700+ of them). I recorded motion only and I think it only used about 2gigs. The video quality was really pretty good (I have it set up in a well lit area). A couple of things I don't like. The area I needed covered was almost directly below the detector. I had to really angle the thing down, but in doing so you can see he top of the unit and the black strip where the SD card goes, as well as the RCA jack. This could draw attention to it. I would have preferred those be covered to blend with the unit. Overall this thing did exactly what I had hoped and gave good video quality.::M. Richey::4.0::January 26, 2013
R2VEHONDXPYJG8::Disappointed::Personally disappointed...the video is grainy on the highest quality settings, the motion detection on mine at least works for about 5 minutes and then never picks up motion again.  I set it up to have 30 second videos on motion, leave the camera in a room I know has motion only to check days later to have no videos except for fifteen 10 second videos immediately after turning it on and than nothing after that.  Wish I could return it but put off returning after a death in the family and now I am stuck with it.::Sean::2.0::September 2, 2012
RDYJ024OHAHHQ::Also check out the Panasonic BL-C230A::When I first got this Stealth camera I was excited because I can use it by the neighborhood railroad tracks to see what's going on.. are there coyotes living in the bushes over there.. shady activities?..But I was discouraged by two of the limitations of this product - 1. the batteries don't last for more than a day, and 2. it requires a composite connnection to a TV even just to get started.The main plus is that this will run on batteries for a little while.However, if you have AC power nearby and a wireless Internet connection, I'd suggest instead the Panasonic BL-C230A wireless camera for almost the same price, which has a LOT more features.This Stealth camera is OK if you don't have an Internet connection and you want a low-tech way to capture video and playback on a normal TV set, or if being able to run on batteries for a day is attractive for those remote viewing spots.I would give this a higher review if it had a way for the batteries to last longer, or to be able to hook it up to a car battery, or if it had solar recharging etc.::FlyingPolarBear::3.0::October 9, 2011
RL49DSJL825LJ::Doesn't have night vision::I've been testing the Defender STEALTH1 Covert MPEG4 DVR Recording System with Built-in Color Pinhole Surveillance Camera Hidden in a Motion Sensor for a few weeks.  The set-up is easy, but to use the menu, you must use the included RCA to RCA wire to connect the Stealth to the video output on your television. (the RCA cord is short; I'm using a longer one) The manual's instructions are helpful & explain  how to navigate through the menu & to set the system according to your needs.  You can read Amazon's Product Description to learn about the Stealth1's features.Image: No night vision; the minimum light illumination is 2 lux; as the room gets darker the image quality deteriorates. In a bright sunny room, image quality is great. Our room is 21' long; on a bright sunny day, with the camera  set at one end of the room, it has no problem detecting motion on the other side of the room & the image is very good. On gloomy days, the image gets grainy & in the evenings with a 13 watt fluorescent light on, the image is even grainier in the darker areas of the room, but motion is still detected &  the person is still viewable, but can be very grainy depending on how close it is to the light source.  I experimented one dark evening, with Stealth1 set up in our 21' living room (no lights) approx. 16' from the bright hallway light,  the Stealth1 didn't pick up any motion in the living room unless  the motion was closer to the hallway light. The viewing angle is 66 degrees.Positioning: The unit is designed to be mounted using the included mounting hardware.  However, I'm using it on a shelf.  The base is rounded slightly which makes it difficult to sit on a table. I solved that problem by putting a piece of rolled  painter's tape on the bottom. The adapter cord is  too short, measuring at approx 56". I'm using an extension cord. Batteries can be used for shorter recording times (see product description). I haven't used batteries so I can't vouch for battery life.Sound: This unit doesn't record sound.Viewing: The SD card an be removed and viewed using a PC. I'm using Windows 7. I prefer viewing the video on the television using the provided RCA cable.Suggested Uses: monitoring employees; warehouses; nanny monitor; convenience stores; monitoring your cash/safe.I suggest that you set the Stealth1 up & do some testing before you put it to use.  Look at images, lighting & the area the unit covers & make adjustments so it records what you need.::Lynn::3.0::July 20, 2011
R32XHFWM9UX9PY::Good unit but.................::I liked the first one so well I bought another. Second unit had problems. Called the Defender tech service, was put on hold and told I was 4th in line to be answered. Never did get answered. Got switched to recording and told to leave message. This happened several times. Then contacted via e-mail and was told the unit would have to be replaced. Was several days, no word. E-mailed again and was told my case was being processed. They also said it would take several weeks to replace. I returned the unit to Amazon and had a new one right away. Amazon's service is amazing. The unit is ok but the company behind it isn't. Poor service.::Amazon Customer::4.0::October 23, 2010
R26AUX25NREU9R::EXCELLENT DEVICE.::Everything works as advertised. A little larger than I thought it would be, but not too large. I mounted it behind a table lamp shade, with the camera eye just below the shade. You can view the whole other side of the room. I told my wife about it, and she took quite awhile to find its location. We purchased it to monitor her jewelery boxes. Works very well.::Bill::5.0::March 23, 2009
RUV6QCGZ19SFT::Exceeded my expectations!::What a fantastic product!  It's simple to set up, takes good quality video, and is very discreet. Viewing the recorded video is easy, too.  I definitely recommend this product to anyone who needs disguised surveillance.::C. Fleming::5.0::August 28, 2008
RRF61XRJSEC0N::NOT WORTH IT::I emailed the manufacturer because we could not get it to work properly. We were told the average expected battery life with standard AA batteries is roughly 3 hours and once it runs out the device can't record anymore.  If you use lithium AA batteries you should be able to get 6-8 hours of usage out of the device but otherwise you will need to power it with the AC adapter.This item is not "Stealth" when it needs to be plugged into the wall.::Lisa A. Piken "LPK"::1.0::March 2, 2011
R14125A4ED4LQ::Survelience camera::This looks like a motion detector, which I like.  But, it was advertised that it works off batteries.  It does not.  If you want to plug it in, the cord is only 4-5 ft long, so you can't hang it high enough to see people, you can only see their knees, because most outlets are 15" off the floor. If it worked on batteries, then you could hang it higher.Also, the SD card did not work.  I put my own card in, and that did work, but they should have included an SD card that worked.I called the company.  They returned my phone call, and left me a number to return their call, but they said it so fast, that I could not understand what they said. So I feel stuck.It's a great idea...if it worked as they advertised.::Studio913 "MKBPSA"::1.0::January 9, 2011
R2NPT1EMPOI68Q::Does what it says::This item does what it says and has a good picture quality.  Like others have said, the mounting bracket is a little weak but can be replaced easily.  I wish the camera lens took a wider shot,  which limited the area of coverage.::Bradley Rogers::4.0::August 29, 2013
R12FB6GVJDC2F4::Good for its use::I find it a good item for seeing who is entering my place when I am not home.  The picture is clear enough though it is not like a VCR picture would be.  I find it works best when plugged into the wall because the batteries do not last very long.  I am not sure that someone would not pick it out as a hidden camera - but with a little creativity you can set it up out of sight.::Amazon Customer "klparchem"::4.0::August 28, 2013
R13CKXOXFMSGMX::Overall good quality and price::Not too bad for the price. Videos are good but must ensure good lighting. Overall, a descent product at a good price!::R. Santos::4.0::January 27, 2013
R2E5YP0PSBRY2E::NIce product::The item is well designed not to be detected.  The low light results could be better and i can't determine how to remove the bar at the bottom.  Overall it is a good product and one I would recommend (with good lighting).::Pruaps44::5.0::December 29, 2012
R1KMO4QXFSNTFO::Stealth camera::It wasn't easy to set record date and time,it was a struggle.No battery power and a short power cord made it harder to find a good spot for it.Wouldn't buy it again. Will spend more on my next purchase for a better system.::James R. Di Giacomo::3.0::December 14, 2012
R2DOA0VZ9OVW0H::Happy customer::Great product overall.  Video is not real high quality, but it works fine for our purpose, and you can certainly identify people. Battery life is not real long, but if you use the Lithium Ion batteries which are recommended you can get a number of hours.  Standby also seems to drain the batteries fairly quickly.::Kayla::4.0::October 5, 2012
RK5407RJ4TWKU::Costs too much for it what does/overall low quality::This device would actually score much higher if it was priced in half or less.  It simply costs too much money for what it does.  Top demerits are its image quality and sneakernet operation.Image quality is important because you actually want to make out faces you can identify, perhaps even submit for court evidence.  This device really doesn't perform well in this function, with very cheap optics.  It's about the quality of a $10 webcam you can purchase at a discount store.  Again, this would be fine if the overall cost of the product was significantly less.  But that's not the case here.With this price, I thought there would be a wireless web server at least, to access the images and streams.  Nope, not available.  Instead, one has the old sneakernet option - manually take out the card and review on your computer.  Who wants to do this on a regular basis?  I certainly do not.  I much rather have instant access to a network connected DVR.  Again, not a problem if this was a significantly less expensive item.Finally, overall construction looks cheap and not commensurate with a quality made product.  I just don't see this as a useful item with its poor quality and no connectivity option.  Someone who sees this thing often will figure out what it does and can plan to swipe out the memory card, leaving all traces of evidence behind.  Useless.::Comp Expert "Comp"::2.0::July 28, 2011
R17FBY94TPVHY3::Interesting Concept...Might not be ready for prime time.::The Defender STEALTH1 Covert MPEG4 DVR Recording System offers to enable a surveillance solution that is easy to set up and use.In some ways it succeeds, in other ways not so much.First, in order for it to be "wireless", you must accept that the duration of continuous recording is only about half a day.  That means the batteries would need to be replaced or recharged frequently.  That's going to be difficult if the environment is remote or always has people in it.  If you go with the wired route, then the power cord is visible unless you can install a plug behind the unit (during the build-out of the space).I don't know how "stealth" this unit is - it's very large and a bit larger than most of the motion detectors I have seen.  It's going to be noticed if it's installed into an existing space that has people in it every day.If you want to review the images that are captured, you must take the unit down and retrieve the memory card, or take the whole thing to a TV screen.  It's not wireless so again, you could be noticed retrieving the device.  If it were really just a motion detector, it would not be getting so much attention...And the unit takes pictures at one-second intervals so it's not a full motion video.  A lot can happen in those one second gaps, so don't expect to see a movie-quality surveillance record.  If this were watching entry and exit to a space, it is possible that a car or a person could move past and not even be recorded.The instructions are a little hard to follow, but you can get it set up if you set aside some time and concentrate on setting it up.The unit does not have a flat bottom so it will not stand up securely - it really needs to be screwed to a wall for best results.Overall, it's a little expensive for what it does, and requires a lot of hands-on interaction that in my opinion would make the unit unlikely to be "stealth" for very long.I would like to see a wireless connection, longer battery life, greater storage capacity, and the ability to remotely control the unit with an application that could run on a cell phone (iPhone or Android).  With that ability, one could re-program, check battery life, review surveillance, and all without going near the device.  Yes that would cost a little more, but really, how long would this device really be useful if it is compromised?::Paul M. Provencher "ppro"::3.0::July 19, 2011
R36BFM0FYXYHWV::Works well::The camera works well but it doesn't work too well when it is dark. The motion dectection feature isn't all that great especially when it does not have enough light. However, it is easy to use and serves the primary purpose. We bought ours for safety reasons living in a dangerous neighborhood. So far everything is going well. It is worth buying the larger SD card so you don't have to worry about running out of memory.::Cynthia Castro::5.0::March 24, 2011
R3N4TUOSXHCP9V::would not buy this again.::This is handy with the card, only have to put into pc, but the frames are so small it takes forever to review them, It will not record audo. The vidio is not good quality at all, according to the lighting, sometime you can barely see what it has recorded. If you were putting this in a very small space with the subject a very few feet away, it would be O.K. I would not buy again, there are a lot better ones out there..::brawa member::2.0::September 22, 2010
R3HAXNQELUQ50E::Surveillance Camera::The stealth has many great functions except night vision which was a bit of a disappointment when your profession calls for night time use.  Over all we tried it out and it was quite interesting to use.  It delivered everything it said it would do and then some.  There is no sound on this which was a bit of a disappointment for the price but over all, outside that.....it was good quality video.::William Michael Barton "Kimberly A Barton"::3.0::April 29, 2010
RMYX8U3FF84GM::poor quality, battery life not really useful::If you can plug this in then the battery life is meaningless.  If not then you will need to take it down and change batteries every few hours which makes it useless.  Of course, you need to take it down to change the SD card every so often anyway so plan for that.The video quality is poor.  It does extra poorly in low light.  How stealth can you be if you need to light the scene well to get video?I suggest getting an IP camera instead and avoid batteries.  That way you can place the camera and just check it online through a web browser.::K. Anderson::2.0::April 5, 2013
R1YB86QD7T2BUW::Great little all-in-one surveillance system::Just got my camera yesterday but I've already spent a lot of time looking at it. I'm really pleased with the video quality. I've been looking at everything so far in High Quality mode so I can't speak to the comparison of the other two modes. I may give an update on that later. Everyone at work is impressed with the quality of videoThe motion sensor feature works well but I'm having trouble getting the setting just right on how long it's to record. I selected the 30sec mode which means the camera will start recording upon motion detected (with Motion mode on) and then AFTER no motion is detected any longer the camera records for another 30 secs. So far the longest little segment I see is 17secs. Update: a 2nd tech said "No, the 30 secs means you get 30secs of video after motion is detected then it stops." Well, neither is happening. I get these 10-17 sec short videos created so I'm not getting either a 30sec video or certainly not 30secs after motion is recorded. But, I'm still trying to figure that out.Will be trying out the other record modes (Time range specified and Continuous) to see how those modes do. Update: Just tried continuous mode on a scheduled recording. Set the DVR to record for five minutes (from 9:15-9:20pm) and it worked great! Don't forget, the time is on a 24hr clock!One construction complaint: if you're going to be using the AC power (which worked fine for me) and then want to unplug the AC cord the plug is half way surrounded by part of the case so you're almost forced to pull on the wire to unplug it which is never a good idea.I've also ordered one of those wild life cameras because it has infared and audio. I really don't think the audio is very important and infared is for night videoing.The big plus with the Stealth over the wild life camera is the flexibility of when to record. If you want to protect your business during non-working hours (say from 6pm to 6am) then you simply schedule that in the programming of the Stealth. I haven't seen that feature offered so far in the wild life type cameras but they may offer that as well.Another good feature of the Stealth is being able to set the Motion sensor's threshold. If you DON'T want a certain object's movements to set off the sensor just go to Motion Sensor mode and note the objects movement reading (monitor needed for this) and then set the Stealth's sensitivity to just ABOVE the sensitivity of the unwanted object. Great feature.Last night I accidentally did a continuous record from 11:40 pm to 5:15 am . I got over 950 short video clips created ranging from 9 secs long to a few that went over a minute and one nearly 2 minutes. Space used was roughly 1.2G with most of the video being high quality, 30frames per second. So, I figure I could roughly get another 2 hours of recording for a total of nearly 7 hours worth. The back of the box says you can get 300 days at High quality but you have to note a reference to a note that notes that's given you're using 1frame per second. Not sure if all that adds up given my results but will try to test more.So, I accidentally recorded me sleeping. Would be a great device to study your sleep habits;especially on motion detect as you could quickly tell by the time stamp on review of the video clips how often you move around at night.All-in-all a great product . I would recommend to a friend.::Gary L. Carter::4.0::November 9, 2011
RN5YHBOAS2RWS::Great unit -- could have earned an extra star from me except...::that the programming is a little clunky.Why four stars -- The unit delivers good quality images and if you set the motion detection level correctly you can get a lot of time coverage on the included memory card. Bought the unit specifically to monitor a location based on movement in that area. Unit has performed flawlessly.How it could earn a fifth star -- the programming is a little complicated but manageable with some patience. As remarked by others the manual could be written a little more helpfully. The biggest issue (for me) is that you have to rely on an external monitor to program the settings. This means that either you have a portable tv to connect at the location you are placing it or that you have to program it where your monitor is. If you do the latter you place it at the location and do some testing to determine whether the settings are working as desired. This is done by removing the memory card, downloading the images to a computer and viewing how it is recording.A small thing that would get it an additional half star would be if the mounting bracket had two ball joints instead of one which would give it a little more flexibility in adjustment the way in which the unit can be angled from its bracket.::Ronald A. Nelson::4.0::September 3, 2009
RDPSRN9RGLCUZ::Love the product!::My husband and I have had quite a few issues with our next door neighbors of our townhouse, so we decided to install a security camera in hopes to document their actions.  We just installed this past weekend and so far love this product!  I read the directions and installed it on my own in less than two hours.  Though the video input cord is short, we were able to install it only two feet away from a TV.  The plug in cord is pretty short as well, and we wanted to use that instead of batteries so we were a little limited on where to install it.  The options are awesome for this tiny inexpensive product, and I easily programmed it to the motion detected setting.  The picture on our TV is amazing - clear and in color!  So far so good, but we would definitely recommend this product!::Jessica P. Jones "J Jones"::4.0::July 6, 2009
RBUW2GP6UU4D2::Very decent office security camera::I bought this camera to cover my work office - lots of expensivegear and computers and such.  It was easy to set up by connectingit to the front RCA input on my TV.  It's quite wide-angle, so aimingis quite intuitive - just guess, then check the SD card in yourcomputer to verify aim.  My only criticisms would be that the mountis on the cheesy side and sticks out too far from the wall.  Also,don't even think of running on batteries!  12 hours is wishful thinking.With a brand new set I got about 8!  Plus, you'll simply forget aboutit after a while, it will be dead, and then something will happen thatwon't be recorded :)  But for the price, it can't be beat.::Dave from Tacoma::5.0::June 24, 2009
R3P57YZ52KAYUM::Works great!::Was really surprised at the quality of this product.  I have it mounted in my house and have it on when away and have found that it does not miss a thing that happens while I am away.::Jim "CWI"::5.0::March 25, 2009
RZ9SGL1UDT0MR::works as advertised::just remember, not weatherproof and not intended for outdoor use, not wireless if you want to monitor continuously, doesn't see in the dark.::Win7 newcomer::5.0::November 26, 2012
R1NL5IYEQ8N6TN::Basically a piece of junk. . . . So Far, but read on.::OOTB this unit appeared to be exactly what I needed for my application. Setup was easy although initial setup with the menu is a bit cumbersome. With no display on the unit you must first connect it to a video display to proceed. Implementation was quick. The problem arose when we reviewed the first days recording and were only presented with 7 hours of video. Assuming we did something wrong, we rest with brand new batteries for day two. This time we recorded only 76 minutes of video. Our settings were LQ 360 x 240 res and continuous recording which according to the manual should have provided at least 12 hours of video minimum. Defender support is non existent. The phone number only provides recorded help, no live person. Online chat is just as useless with agents simply spewing the manual ad infinitum. The finally relented to replace the item in 2-4 weeks if I provided full payment up front @ $179.99 on a credit card that would be reimbursed at a later time. REALLY? That's customer service? Luckily this was a product that Amazon.com sold and was not just sourcing from another company. Even though it is difficult to get an Amazon agent (no phone numbers published) and when you get one to call you back from the Call Me button it is usually from overseas somewhere. This time when I requested an agent in the U.S. response was swift. Within 12 minutes Amazon had completed a replacement strategy that was more then acceptable. The unit will arrive in less then 24 hours and at no charge as long as I return the defective unit within 30 days. And the even arranged for UPS to pick it up. The no phone number for customer support bothers me but the end result exceeded expectations.::Carol Hartzell::1.0::May 6, 2014
R1JAWC3EHRNXWD::Good but no sound::The item fully meets my requirements. The only disadvantage is no sound and very poor video quality in low light. For the price is a good deal. Seller shipped quickly.::David Velez::4.0::April 29, 2014
R10QICVEYT21VC::Amazon let me down::I purchased 2 of these.  One works fine, but I kept trying to figure out how to get the motion sensor to work on the other.  I have finally determined that the unit must be defective, because I swapped the location of the two units, and the other works fine wherever I have it, but the problem unit records all the time, quickly burning through the available disk space .  But guess what?  Amazon will not take it back because I just passed the 30 day "return window" (by a few days).  So I'm stuck with a $150 item that isn't functioning.  I've been a Prime Amazon user for quite some time.  This is the first time that Amazon has really disappointed me.The manual for this item leaves a lot to be desired.  It's not an easy learning curve.The other unit is doing it's job, now that I have figured out how to program it.  You need to hook it up to a TV in order to program it.  Not the most convenient thing to do, but theoretically, you do it once and it works from there.  I say "theoretically because there's a lot of trial and error to get it the way you want it.  I also had to purchase a card reader because it is not convenient to play it back - easier to remove the disk and watch it on a computer.  The images are very clear on the "medium" setting.  All said, if I had it to do over again, I'd buy a different gadget.::Carolyn Fetter::2.0::April 23, 2014
RM6ZQWR3IF3FO::Learning the controls - tricky::Works great!Batteries only last a day in continuous mode.I use it every day and it's only the camera port that needs to see out...so you can put it in a cereal box to disguise it.::Student "Where the buffalo roam"::5.0::April 2, 2014
R3RKNSBXIJ28OW::Terribly grainy video::Low light video is especially grainy. Difficult to follow instructions which do not clearly explain how to operate this device.::Randolph L. Dull::2.0::March 29, 2014
R2RBHKPBVOK0UV::Does not work well and requires 4 AA batteries per day!::I tried to use this as a nanny cam. It records in 30 second intervals regardless of how I set it. That means at the end of the day I have hundreds of small files to review and can't watch consecutively without having to click on each one. Additionally, it requires 4 AA batteries a day.Wish I had not bought this and now its too late to return. Save your $$::Merissa::1.0::March 5, 2014
R21BVR3LZ45DWQ::ninja cam::this thing is legit. i wasn't sure when i bought it how it would turn out but let me tell you, the video is clear, motion sensors are dead on, and you can just throw some batteries in this Bad Larry and do whatever you want. i was honestly surprised at how well it turned out. good s***::alexander moseid::5.0::February 10, 2014
RZ9HSRSGXE7ZS::Too big::Don't buy this product. It's not suitable for hidden camera and covert camera. Its will be very big than you imagine.::bayartogtokh::1.0::January 29, 2014
R2NGYZZBO1OG6S::Had it for 2 year::I think this is very good.  I like the timing mechanism and the photos are actually not bad.The motion detection actually works.  I think it's worth looking at.::C. Mason "CMM"::5.0::January 18, 2014
RMF8UFKDYU6HQ::great product::works as advertised and im very happy with the recorder.  Easy to use also with good instructions provided with the kit.::Alejandro Soto::5.0::January 16, 2014
RABPSBIAVOCDX::Way to long to scan::I bought two.  The controls are difficult (need to reads the manual after 6 months  of idle time).  I hate electronics that aren't intuitive, and here is a classic example.  It is also burdensome to review everything.  they need an ISB port to download the video so I can review it on my computer.  How expensive is that?  Poorly thought out.  In the end mine are not being used - too cumbersome to monitor.Good side:  The motion activation is decent. It didsn't work at the lake where I want to monitor my dock.  the waves set it off.  Image quality ok.Do you want to buy mine?  Good discount, used little.::Tim Johnson::2.0::December 17, 2013
R21RHD7PFM78PY::Stay away...absolute junk!::For the price, this product is pure junk. It never worked properly out of the box... I attempted to contact their customer service dept. via phone and email and got no response. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for your camera monitoring solutions. I hope the manufacture goes out of business!::DJ::1.0::December 13, 2013
R26QHM52CZREA6::Less than a day's worth of battery life renders this product nearly useless.::Careful regarding battery life! 17 hours (or 12 depending on how you parse the text) means start to finish - NOT AGGREGATE recording hours (as the salesman at B&H; told me it did). Thus, you've got less than one day's worth of battery power. And don't try to ask customer service chat how long you actually get or how to lengthen that time by which settings; you end up simply in a tail-chasing conversation where the rep never provides hard data - other than: 12 hours of battery life even in standby waiting for a motion trigger. With that battery life, its pretty useless to me to watch over a storage room where there's no power outlet. And of course, now its too late to return the thing ...::Stephen J. Shapiro::2.0::November 22, 2013
R1R45LKX1H8DF5::this thing::work well it did as expected and i was happy with the way it showed what i was missing at home::harry thomas::5.0::August 22, 2013
R2V8BQKQH67NOS::POSSIBILITY::This could have a better hold on the battery compartment.  and would be better if water proof...  so it could withstand a spilt cup of coffee or water leak from upstairs.::Jennifer Williamson::4.0::July 24, 2013
R16M565HVJ0DUX::REALLY::It works damn near perfectly in the day.light or with bright lighting. At the slightest hint of deming the picture quality isn't as.good and neither is its functioning. The LED light is very visible etc. but otherwise pretty decent.::camorwill::3.0::July 20, 2013
R3GNAVYWD93YJ0::Provides night security::I programmed the Defender to record movement during night hours, and started leaving lights on.  Videos shown to the police resulted in a conviction and my vehicle has not been tampered with since.::Charles A. Cole::5.0::June 24, 2013
RBKPDBXN7IOVB::Useful product with confusing interface::Camera is good overall. The manual goes into unnecessary detail about the myriad of settings and features that are likely never to be used without actually explaining the basics. All I wanted to do was turn the camera into recording mode and there were no instructions how do do that! What do the lights mean on the back? Trial and error is the best that you can manage. When it works, it's effective and picture is OK. I'd recommend this product highly if they improved the documentation.::Tridacna::3.0::April 19, 2013
R3I1S7X8LQVDJ9::Awesome playback::This product is easy to set up and use. The playback quality is great as well. Definitely worth the price.::ANGELA MORAN::5.0::April 15, 2013
RDISCWRKGF402::it was great item::your product was great. I'm truly sorry i had to return it, but the department would allow me to use it for what I bought it for.Delivery was great as well::faith::5.0::April 9, 2013
R2BUYIEWOL1AE8::Surveillance camera has no date/time stamp and is hard to use.::I purchased the Defender Stealth DVR for a friend of mine who lives in senior housing because of many complaints about items disappearing from their apartments when they are away.  I selected the Defender because it did not require use of a computer, wi-fi or the internet.It turned out to be a lousy choice for the following reasons:(1) It must be plugged into an RCA video input on a TV just to program it, and the menu is confusing and annoying.  Not good for an older person, or even me.(2) It isn't "stealthy".  It looks like an obvious surveillance device.  The electrical cord hanging from it makes it difficult to disguise.  The continuous green light and the red light in back of it that goes on when recording is triggered  is a dead giveaway.(3) The video quality is grainy, which makes it hard to identify who actually entered the room.  It must be used in daylight with the light coming from behind the camera in order to get a decent picture.  Not so good at night or in shadows.  Not good in close quarters.(4) The date/time setting is used only to trigger continuous recording at a specified time.  There is no record of the time embedded into the recording.  That means there is no way of telling what time the motion detector activated the camera.  It is useless as a tool to identify when a suspected person entered the room.(5) And or course there is no corresponding audio; only low quality video.It seems like too much money spent on such a difficult to use, poor quality surveillance camera.  I wish I had bought mine on Amazon so that I could return it.::Max Grodty "Max Grodty"::2.0::March 29, 2013
R3KGK7DQXWXP4P::So far very happy::Very very easy to use.works like a charm on watching my 15 yearold daughter for the few hours till we get home from wrk.Worth the piece of mind.::carlo burgio::4.0::March 26, 2013
RWA7NJKX0KTPA::Works as stated!  good video!::Items works as stated, need to read through the directions and navigate through all of the menu screens so you get familiar with this device, the video is very good and well operates a bit better than I originally expected.::Mike::4.0::August 31, 2012
R1VAAQGQUUXUBS::Very Satisfied::Opened the box today and have been extremely satisfied with the ease of set-up and the quality of the picture.  The size of the picture is a little small.  It would be nice if it captured a little more viewing area.  However, for a pin-hole camera, it is a probably a good size.::homeowner1::4.0::December 20, 2011
R28KKZGTQBCVP0::Great for security when you don't need to always review the footage.::We use our Defender STEALTH1 Covert MPEG4 DVR Recording System to montior our property. We had a couple of break ins in our neighborhood, and this device is a huge comfort to have around.  You never know when you may need to evidence to catch an intruder on your property. On the flip side, we have also used it to record some of our dog's destructive behavior while we were away from home.::Nathan M. Rose "Movie Guy from FlickDirect"::4.0::September 13, 2011
R2WJEC7TUR5H8H::Works as expected but no sound::This device is easy to program and use.  It seems reasonably well built and included mounting bracket is a plus.  It does look just like a usual motion detector and is ignored as such.I used this camera with Eneloop AA batteries.  It worked as expected and the only two complaints I have are the lack of sound and the quality of image in low-light conditions, but I knew about both in advance, so I was not surprised.::APF "SPB-RU"::4.0::August 19, 2011
R3VT9X4CTQHZ9F::A complete surveillance system in a small package::I am using this device in the warehouse of my place of employment.  After about a month of usage, I think this is a good product.  The warehouse has a roll-up door and the door is often open for delivery and pickup.  However if nobody is watching, someone could easily sneak in and take stuff.  We installed this video camera/recorder and a Driveway Patrol Sensor and Receiver Kit.  The result is great.  If someone walks in, we get an audio chime as well as video recording.Pros:- Self contained device with everything needed - camera, recorder, memory card, and power supply- Can be set to auto loop when the memory card is filled up- Can be set to start recording by motion detection- Multiple frame rate and quality selection to make the most out of the memory card spaceCons:- A bit expensive::Jeffhdz::5.0::August 18, 2011
R1M5FYWBT2VVY0::Amazing::I have an alarm system with monitoring for the house, I am concerned to protect what I own.  This unit looks just like my motion detecters and runs a camera as explained.  The pictures are better than I thought they would be, better than those store photographs we see on the news.  I could not be happier than when I found out about this device.  It will trigger taking picture operations at any interval you can dream up as necessary.  It will shoot on a SD card for months, although for being gone for longer, I find a bigger 8GB card does the job nicely.  The inclosed 4GB card is great for most uses.  This unit is added security for those long absences away from the homestead.  I am thinking of buying a second one for the basement area, maybe two.  It was easy to set up and forget it.  What a great little idea!::David "Foxboy"::5.0::July 21, 2011
R4V1W5KY0AIZ0::Not hd quality by any means but a decent surveillance camera (and somewhat covert)::As the product description stated, Defender STEALTH1 is an MPEG4 DVR Recording System with Built-in Color Pinhole Surveillance Camera Hidden in a Motion Sensor (for covert operation). While the video quality is just average, it is able to record a lot with 2gb - up to 45 days, and you can upgrade to up to 32gb SD card for even longer recording. Use it in a bright room or outdoor/daylight and it will be a lot more effective/offers better video quality. Overall, this is packed with good features and get the job done.Pros:1. Easy set up2. Can be wire free (battery operated)3. 2GB SD card included (to record up to 45 days)4. Can auto resume recording after power is resumed5. Can record only if there is movement with advanced motion active recording feature6. Standard file format (easy to playback in computer)7. Easy review of the video by time and date searchCons:1. Plasticy (then again many motion sensor detector also made of plastic)2. Seems bigger than normal motion sensor (therefore not very stealth)3. Battery operation doesn't last too long, 8-12 hours max, still a nice option though4. Poor image quality under low light5. No audio recordingSidarta Tanu::Sidarta Tanu::4.0::July 19, 2011
R1QG9HTBJ2IBHF::Nice system::There are a lot better quality but also pricier alternatives. At this price, the Stealth1 works nicely and most important easily (to setup). Its amazing to me the recording time you get on the little SD card, not to mention having the option of upgrading to higher capacity for more time. Looks cheap at first glance but works well, great overall package and system.::Ben::4.0::July 17, 2011
R3Q87RUQRMAZM0::Easy setup surveillance camera. Portable.::This is a simple, easy to use surveillance color camera with built-in motion detector and programmable schedule.Stealth? Probably because it looks more like a light motion detector instead of a regular camera (although seems to be oversized for such a device).The covert DVR camera works either with 2 AA's batteries or the supplied AC adapter. If you want it as a permanent surveillance camera, you will have to use the included AC adapter. The adapter will work from 100V to 240V, 50/60Hz range, which can also be used in other countries where the voltage is other than 120V. NTSC or PAL compatible.It came with wall mount accessories, an extension, and some gypsum type board screws. The 2 gigabyte microSD card is good for 45 days of monitoring. You can get a 32G card for up to 2 years surveillance.You have 2 modes of recording. Record until the card is full (it will stop when it is ), or the continuous recording by automatically recycling/deleting the oldest recorded movies. Recorded movie are stamped with time and dates.  You can choose either 640x480 at 12 frames per seconds or 320x240 at 30 fps.Motion sensitivity can be adjusted to accommodate movements of curtains, etc.The format used is mpeg4 which is easily playable in your PC, you just need a memory card reader and a player like VLC.When you install it, make sure the pinhole camera is located at the bottom. Otherwise your image will be upside down.1 year warranty with 24/7 customer support. Customer service is also available with an online chat.Made in TaiwanPros:- Very easy to set up.- Affordable- Color- You only need a memory cardCons:- It doesn't work very well in low light.- Indoor only- There is no LCD screen so you have to plug it to a TV monitor to change the settings.- No audioPS:If you want to see the field of view, check my uploaded screen capture photo (on the customer submitted photos above) taken in an 11'x11' room.::Nuknuk::4.0::June 24, 2011
R2V4DUQWH9W6NK::Easy to use,excellant results::Well thought out packaging and controls makes setting up simple.Other units with foreign instructions makes for impossible setting up.Final results clear and intensity control save a lot of memory.Set the treshold and this triggers the data collection.::vito l manzella::5.0::June 6, 2011
R241B9PXFRQLVI::OK for daytime - poor at night::Although another reviewer had left similar feedback, I wanted to reiterate that this device does not record well in low light. I suppose that shouldn't be surprising given the aperture of the camera, but I was still hopeful it would do better than it does. I'd be hard pressed to identify someone messing with my stuff if that activity occurred at night when all there is lighting the area being observed were a few overhead lights. Still, it does a decent job, hence the three stars.::CraiginPDX::3.0::April 4, 2010
R16VATM1YRQFI1::Just what I needed::I'm taking a star away because it is a little tricky to playback when you plug it into a tv, but once you get the hang of it, you're fine. It's really well made, really easy to install, and really easy to set up. This is just what I needed to catch an employee stealing. They never noticed it was there and the video quality that it captures is surprisingly good. It was well worth the money. I would totally recommend this product to anyone. The price ($155) was great too.::zmayhew3::4.0::May 3, 2013
R1AWUL6CAL8OGL::Included SD card was defective, otherwise works as advertised::Unit could not read, then it did read, then it could not read the included 2 gig SD card. (Card came in locked position but I unlocked it.) I was able to quickly reach tech support, but he agreed with me the problem was probably the card. I had a spare SD card which I tried, and the unit worked perfectly.::rwalker::3.0::January 28, 2013
R3K5ECJYWR9HB3::Works well for now::I use this to monitor the coming and goings in my apartment/condo, when I am not around. After several trial and errors I was able to record only when there was motion. Saves space and reviewing for entry is not as tedious. How long this would last is up in the air. Price is a bit high for the material it is made of. 4 stars.This is an update. I have this unit installed several months ago., and it worked very well especially the motion recording only. One flaw I think in this covert camera, is it becomes obvious when the bad guy/gal sees the SD card  and the video connection on top of the unit. My experience is the SD card was pulled out by someone who I believe made an unauthorized entry into the condo and tried to cover his or her tracks. I have this installed next to a table lamp. My suggestion to the manufacturer is to place the SD card the on and off button and the video outlet on the underside of the unit so it would be hard to notice.::Manny::4.0::August 22, 2012
R1SDKBXIUMBOKI::I have used it for months and like it::For me it works as advertized. It responded to motion and took the photo which was clear and useful. It is silent as one would expect. It does come with a SD card that high capacity for this device. It will work on batteries for a very short period- that is a plus for special applications otherwise it must be plugged into the AC. It did a fine job overall for me.::Zeb "zebra01"::4.0::November 8, 2011
RFDLZ4UU4VCOP::Maybe 5 years ago::For $200 you can get a wireless network camera (and this lists for $400 - ouch!) that you can connect to, setup and monitor from your computer. This is way behind technology.It comes with only about a four foot power cord and video cable so you have to sit really close to your TV to set this up. It's not that straight forward using the record, play, forward and reverse buttons on the back of the unit to access the menu. Then once it is setup you find a place to hang it. Ironically, the bottom isn't flat so it doesn't work well to just set it on a shelf or something. It does have a "pinhole" camera but the unit itself looks like a standard motion detection unit probably recognizable by most people.While the recording isn't bad for a security camera and it does have motion detection the problem is unless you always have it connected to your TV (which doesn't make it too stealth) you have no idea if its working or not. You can take out the memory card and go plug it into your computer and play through all of the recordings.The cover of the box shows a guy in a shirt and tie and another little picture of an employee time clock on the cover. Maybe they intend for this to be a "big brother" cam.But the setup and use is just not as easy as most security systems today that are around the same price or even less. I'd check for a fire sale.::SMXSteve::2.0::June 30, 2011
R1JI7WBX3SSL0J::Poor quality and difficult to use::This device is built very cheaply, is hard to use and I would not recommend it. The first one I bought had a memory card that did not work but I could not get a replacement so I had to return the whole thing and get another one. The quality of the recorded video is very poor and its also very difficult to watch it.::John G. Svinos "Harleydude"::2.0::May 14, 2011
R1SN5YYFW4VUZV::The unit is fine, but a little hard to figure out at first....::I am not a technical wiz.  Getting this to work with my television was difficult. Finally I just started plugging it in to every hole in the back of the tv. Then the tv had to be on the correct settings. Ugh.... We have 3 remotes for our tv. So figuring out what buttons had to be changed and then finding the correct outlet on the back of the tv was quite a process. Figuring out all the controls was pretty much trial and error too.  I do feel like I know how to work it now. You really want to be persistent to figure it out.  If you have low light it is very grainy. If you have decent light it works pretty good. It is not fantastic, but works well enough. I was able to see the person who was getting into my things.  It is pretty big.  Now I wish I would have got something smaller, but all that has to be exposed is the little dot at the bottom so if you can get creative you can hide it and just expose the tiny dot. I did cover the back buttons with some cotton and tape because with the little lights that come on someone could see it. The main issue I am having is I can't get the drop down menu to work on one of the selections so the only way I can view this is by rewinding.  Customer support over the phone is a recording and directed me to write an email so I wasn't able to talk to anyone. I had to email and they gave me one suggestion and then said to send it in because there is a one year warranty. Not much help, I would like to talk to a real person.....I think for the money you could probably find something a little easier to work.  It was fine and now I like it, it is just kind of difficult at first....if you can get it hooked up correctly then you should be okay....::karatechick1::3.0::February 17, 2014
R1EYDFSTXPLJGR::Great price for the value::Once I got the instructions down and used it..It grew on me..  because I understood thehow to..  After that...a piece of cake...::BILLY.BUMBLER::4.0::March 24, 2013
R1IFSTHNXZDHS0::I want to say I like it.::I bought this system thinking I didn't need to buy a DVR, but I can not see the set up and have not gotten it to work yet. I will try it again this weekend when I have more time to figure it out. Thanks::Charles K. Gorga::4.0::March 5, 2013
R31Y65HD9HCFXA::Battery life renders the product unusable unless using plugged in::Unless you plan to use regularly with plugged in power, do not consider this product.  The battery life rendered it unusable.::DAL::1.0::February 10, 2013
R2E4WNXYMHCK4R::Security camera::The camera is pretty nice but only has the 640x480 display so it could have been a little better in that area but saves on memory space. Perfect for nanny-cam to checkup on kids and also you can place the camera anywhere because of it being battery operated.::MasterRatt::3.0::July 5, 2011
R37ER9LBKIDYA6::Simple Easy to Set-Up Batter Powered Surveillance Camera::I just received the Defender Stealth DVR recording system, and it was straightforward to setup, eventhough the documentation instructions were skimpy. The picture quality is acceptable in daytime, but it will not work at night. The surveillance camera imitates an alarm system motion detector, so it can easily be camouflaged. The ability to use battery power makes the camera less intrusive. However, while one can set the camera to begin recording when it detects motion, the process of calibrating the sensitivity of the motion detector is a little time consuming. One feature this particular system lacks is wireless network access, and the ability to provide remote alerts. In addition, the camera recorded output can be displayed either by NTSC or PAL TV receiver, and you cannot directly view the video on your computer, unless you have the appropriate hardware. Besides augmenting the security system of a residence, the sytem could also serve as a quick way to monitor hotel rooms and other temporary locations when one travels.::Luis Figueroa "L Figueroa"::3.0::June 23, 2011
R2OYABUKRL7XD3::stealth dvr::this dvr has excellent video quality and many options for changing the quality of the video and recording time. also very easy to set up and view recorded video.::matt::4.0::August 10, 2010
R1LM2IZY0KLLE5::Works great::This was shipped really fast and works really well.  I had no problems at all with it.::David G. Carnes::5.0::May 1, 2010
R11TZHJJHF3OZ1::Not bad::This recorder is pretty decent - I just have a few complaints.  It has no sound (which I knew when I bought it) but still, that should be a VERY easy thing to add.  Secondly, it doesn't come preset to record on the highest resoulution, and I have no idea how much time is able to be recorded at the highest resolution.  The manual covers lower resolutions, but not higher ones.  Finally, while the manual was decent and the interface to configure options not bad, it seems like $200 for this thing is a little much.::mr "mr"::3.0::October 4, 2009
R229YOS370CPNZ::Defender Stealth 1 Covert System::System arrived very quick and in good shape.  So far I've just hooked it up to the TV to check the quality of the picture etc.  As for now I'm very impressed.  I will be setting this up in my shop to keep track of things while I'm away.::Mr. Billy D.::5.0::September 17, 2010
R2Z4SDBHP86Z5N::As request AAAA AAAA AAAA AAAA AAAA  ++++ ++++ ++++ ++++ ++++ ++++::Consider Yes nice product no problemAs request nice productNo dislike with this product 100%Recommend this product 100%::Remi Jr "Remi Jr"::5.0::March 16, 2013
R2POTCM9HDXV5H::Lousy. falls apart in the pocket. Doesn't last long. At all.::The 2-way feature is great on this remote. But just because you're paying 50-100 for this remote, don't expect it to be high-quality. I've owned two in the past, and each one has broken the same way. The first problem- Solder joints. After a couple of months, the solder joints (on both) would break, especially around the battery terminals. Easy fix- Simply resolder the joints. Next, the cosmetic paint and light labels will rub off, and thats when things start to go downhill. If you keep it in your pocket like other car remotes, the plastic case will start to break- Notably at the top right corner. Once that happens, the remote looks awful, and the keyring will fall out because the tabs holding the two halves together have weakened too.On top of all that, the second remote I have sometimes beeps, and sometimes doesn't.If you want the two-way feature, you can get this. But if you want a solid remote, consider buying the compatible 1-way version, P/N 7141V or 7141 P (python and viper remotes are interchangeable). It will not give you audible feedback, but it will save you frustration. They are compatible with the LED 2-way systems, too.I sure hope DEI's new systems use better remotes. Its a mystery to me as to why Viper Alarm systems are as popular as they are- nothing but plastic junk in my opinion.UPDATE:I picked up a less expensive one-way Viper remote that is compatible with my system (I was tired of throwing down so much $$ for a piece of crap). It is about two months old, and is starting to crack as well.::Kevin Wolf::1.0::January 30, 2009
RQXDLJS6R4PY6::Viper remote start::This is a great value, progamming taks a few seconds if you know where the "valet button" is. Turn on the key, push the valet button once, press twice and hold til chirp, then push the lock button on the remote and bingo you're done. If you read the instructions, you'll never figure it out.::mdoughty::5.0::November 13, 2010
R2392H15TYBJX0::Perfect Replacement::This was an exact replacement for the remote that came with my Viper 771vx remote start alarm.  The original lasted about 4 1/2 years and was held together with a rubber band for the last two.  The case for the unit is not very well made and will come apart over time.  There are some instructions on the package for syncing the remote with the alarm.  The instructions were a little confusing because it looks like you're suppose to program a different channel if you have the remote start so it didn't work after the first try.  I used the instructions to program it to Channel 1 and it worked.  Other than that, it took a total of < 5 minutes to get it set up.::Dave and Cheryl::5.0::April 19, 2012
RYJXGDFUET5DS::Great Price !!::I needed to purchase a replacement transmitter for my viper 488v and viper.com wanted a ridiculous price. So i thought about trying this guys out because mainly the price was more reasonable. Not only was the price great, the shipping was pretty quick. It only took 2 days to get it. I definitely recommend these guys, they are the best.::GB27::5.0::February 26, 2011
R2XR63G14OR82H::Viper 488V remote::Worked perfect.  It cost half of what best buy wanted to replace it for.  It was surprisingly easy to program, and I was up and running in 2 minutes.::Gregory M Cole::5.0::March 18, 2012
RCWY20PVVMSSI::Works great!!!::I purchased this replacement remote after my first one died after a whooping 6 years. It was easy to program and it works like new so far. Definitely recommend this remote if you need a replacement.::Love Viper Products::5.0::September 19, 2011
R1YKLFH7QBO1BW::Just as I expected::**UPDATE** I haven't been able to use this remote for about the past year, it too, fell apart.  Very poor quality.I have a Python alarm system in my Honda Del Sol.  That was Circuit City's version of the Viper alarm.  Most remotes will fall apart after only a few years of use, and mine was no exception.  Just got this programmed to my system yesterday, and it works like new.  Hopefully, this will last longer than the last one did, but these things don't have the best track record for longevity.::Thomas C. Evans "Ironhead3fan"::1.0::November 2, 2009
R3KBFJX53S40WS::Dropped old one in water::Afraid it would be costly to replace. It wasn't. Is very same one for a nice price. Received in a timely manner. Took to technician to program properly. Good experience all around.::Carol Littleton::5.0::September 15, 2013
R17O7YR6DK1NCM::It Works!::Fast delivery, same as the original remote, very easy to install (program) & 1/3 the price of the local shop.::Troy::5.0::July 27, 2013
R33SXXR4O7ERGS::work's like an charm...::It work like a charm. I took the old brain out of my old remote and put it in the new one.::Antione2k6::5.0::July 4, 2012
R2T23AZ5B2LNTR::So far so good::We have only had it about a month or so, we took it to best buy & they set it for free & it has worked like a charm so far.::Barb::5.0::September 1, 2011
R22WMVGX4XBRYV::Works just like the original!::After super gluing the old remote at least 6 times it finally gave out. This is an exact replacement. Directions are difficult to understand so I took it to the shop I had install the alarm. Found out they originally didn't install the alarm correctly so they made it right. All is well that ends well.::Richard Schuster::5.0::January 4, 2014
R3GTE68BJBD9K3::Good product-get the matte black finish::Works well.  This is the second remote I've bought for this model alarm, 771XV Viper.  This first remote was from a different vendor and had a glossy finish.  It did not last long.  This item is a matte black finish and seems more durable.  Not sure why there is a difference, but my original remotes were matte black.  Remote came in a sealed bubble pack and definitely was new as bubble pack had to be cut open with the jaws of life.Seller shipped item in a timely manner and item was accurately described.::Mark5::5.0::November 25, 2013
R3CCRRW1S1GEL2::Satisfied!::It shipped in three days as indicated. Took no more then 5 minutes to program. With the help of the previous posts. It's working great. Glad to have a back up considering our second remote broke.::Chris::5.0::November 20, 2013
R1L3F12SFSE9H9::Watch the programming instructions::Many instructions on the web say to press the programming button in the car 8 times, holding it on the 8th press.  If that doesn't work, try pressing the programming button only 2 time, holding on the 2nd press.  Different Viper models that work with this remote require different programming procedures..::Gary Bruce::5.0::August 23, 2013
RKDSI84CWNWGX::Awesome!::I bought this remote to replace a broken remote. These remotes are great but break easily. Make sure to buy the leather case along with this remote in case you drop your keys your remote is protected.::greendayrules::5.0::February 19, 2013
R1C4UWNB8UB9WK::Quality and savings!::This unit works perfect and the price and quality is just right!  I'm planning on purchasing another one for replacing the original.::FRANCISCO PEREIRA JR::5.0::May 2, 2014
R2KMVSOYIIIGXN::Works great::Very happy to find a replacement remote for our starter and at a really good price.  Ours gets dropped once in a while and breaks so I may have to order another one just to have on hand.::J. A. Koenig "JAK"::5.0::April 30, 2014
R1MAD9V3CNKF84::Genuine Alpine Remote::Needed a new remote to replace my 11 year old remote. This was a good price and is the real deal and worked perfect.::BQ "Allharley"::5.0::April 23, 2014
R19LB4SLO12851::Great so far. Paired with a Python system.::Other than being packaged in the clam shell package of doom, this thing is working great, I had no issues pairing it with my Python car alarm.The blue even matches my car almost. This is the exact same remote as my Python, even plays the same tune when you insert a new battery.  only difference is the color and the name on the sticker.::-Clint-::4.0::April 18, 2014
R17LBBRW1XV8GG::Amazing::Works just fine and at a great price could not have done any better sure meet my expectations. Thank you!!::Great Buy::5.0::April 4, 2014
R3D57X0THN456C::ups & downs::the 1st time i got a viper system was with this 2 way remote.  It a good system the only down fall was that the 2 way remote is kinda crappy.  one day i drop my key and it fell apart.  i had to tape it and before the price on a replacement was like $100, which it wasnt worth it. i would still recommend it to a friend tho. especially now the price is like $50.::djspookay::4.0::March 24, 2014
R2PKIQEZ7S4AH::Great quality::Works exactly as it should and was not hard to program. Just have to take it to an installer to make my remote start work but the lock/unlock was a breeze.::Amazon Customer::5.0::March 10, 2014
R2LPK4FTVEULQ9::does not last long::I am on my 4th remote in 8 years and this last one lasted less than 2 years, buttons quit working or they come apart in pocket, other than that they work great.::DAK::3.0::February 9, 2014
R2Y2E6167T1CV6::Starter UP::I bought this for my sister she had one the came with her truck and it was tape together  this product was perfect and easy to use larger buttons and bright colors. When she received it the easy instructions the truck started right up and the distance was a little farther on startup then her original one. Product item also appeared to also be sturdy made. Thank You::ANDREA PHILLIPS::5.0::February 2, 2014
R3P8MEPGXKCJZT::It's always warm in my freezer::I've had four of these in 5 years. Best advise it to take care of it like its an infant child.::Ben Wolfe::5.0::January 30, 2014
RC5ZOHVBWES3C::Cant figure out how to program it::Programming instructions vague. Do not recommend this system for do it your self installers. Will probably have to pat a dealer to program.::Art Charvat::1.0::December 23, 2013
R1YZOBLSX5B8P2::great alarm with flaws but better then most::Great alarm with 2 way which in range lets me know when some hit or messing with my car and takes a AAA  batteryThe down side is it eats the AAA battery but at least when it warns you of  a low battery there easy to find.one other reason I gave it 3 stars the quality of it as i had to replace the first as it died and the the second has issues with coming apart just like the first one which helps with tape assist to keep it together.::D. Hardingham "Magnusfl"::3.0::December 15, 2013
RESSUMSTTSAME::programming::Little confusing to program as I do not have the original instructions and it was preinstalled on my vehicle. But so far so good.::Joseph::4.0::December 8, 2013
R8P6AT57LOTXN::3rd replacement in 4 years::This is my third replacement I started with a python 488p , replaced it with the clifford version about a year ago (of course I can't remember how to program it) these don't hold up well to kids dropping your keys! it busts open and you spend the next 20 mins on the ground trying to find the plastic pieces that cover the lights! if i remember correctly it is Door open turn key to on, press the vale <is that how you spell that? and then press and hold the button. I tried this and my car went into power saver mode and now wont start!::Nicolette::3.0::November 5, 2013
R86IHVZQO1P1F::haven't used::I still haven't used this even though I need it because I can't figure out how to program.  The instructions are obviously written for a technician, not an average person such as myself.::Sweets::3.0::October 28, 2013
RCG366TKKY2DI::good remote if you are careful with it.::good remote, however it's about the 4th one I have had over the lifetime of my alarm.  wish it was better constructed so it doesn't break up into the component pieces when dropped. suggestion of a case for it at time of purchase would be in line.::Manh Do::4.0::September 23, 2013
R3VLZH3D1OBK0Q::just as described::item mailed on time price was good very happy but not happy about being made to type so many words the fact that i am happy should be good::Frank Eates::5.0::September 15, 2013
RLMKTK3V3SPWE::Good Relacement for the money::This was easy to program once I had read prior customer reviews for programming. Great value for the price. Received quickly.::Heather::4.0::September 8, 2013
R3F9FGDH0L85BV::starter works great::This starter works greats. It tends to burn up AAA batteries rather quickly but so did the origonal. Fortuantely I was able to find a replacement. The place I origonally purhased it from no longer carried it.::Bruce dockter::5.0::September 3, 2013
R278JOEPSLX5OA::Works great for Python 571 XP model remote start::I had to play around with it a couple of times to get it to program properly.  I think the press once and then a second time was the method that worked.  Now it works perfectly!::BIGGUN::5.0::May 10, 2013
R3DULFEVNA8CG3::Python 488P Ask LED 2-Way HHU Remote December 28, 2012  Python 488P (edit)::2-Way HHU Remote  Python 488P. First on worked so good order one more to put up. Great to have one that work and trash the old one that was broken::J. Phillips::5.0::December 28, 2012
R1YSDA7NP4LSQG::Replacement Remote::Purchased this device to replace the remote for my remote starter.  The remote seems to break with some frequency as this is the 4th remote I have had in the 10 years I have owned the vehicle.  The device works great, but I would recommend knowing how to program it prior to starting as I messed up and locked down my truck.::Chris::5.0::December 27, 2012
R2PQ7GD04503UN::Super.::Received in timely manner and in good working order.  It helps to get a leather case to protect your remote fob.  They tend to disintegrate over time (manufacture design).::Scooby::4.0::December 26, 2012
R347T9A0CR66PV::Works as expected::Works as expected and like the original did. Other reveiws were helpful in at least knowing to look for the button to program it. After a few attempts and process of elimination I was good to go. Location of mine was underneath the driver side dash, far left. Look for the box and follow to the button. Range is not that impressive, but it still works.::Brandon::4.0::December 15, 2012
R2MLU150KUGS32::very happy shopper::my purchase arrived quickly in a well packaged container.  Hope I never need a replacement but at least now I know where to go::Cathy W::5.0::March 12, 2012
RM196O57FJ1B1::Great Item::I purchased this as a replacement controller for my original one died after almost 5 years of daily use. It works just like the old, the only exception is that it sounds different, but who cares as long as it sets my alarm properly. I took it into my local Best Buy and they were able to program it to my car, but i probably would have been able to do it myself if i had done some research.  so far i'm satisfied, hope to get another 5 years out of this one.::Xica::4.0::February 6, 2012
RX2YTIIMBRU78::Replacement Viper 488v 2-Way Remote::This has been a great remote since new in 2006. However age had taken it's toll on the original units (dropping, etc...). This OEM replacement remote is the exact same unit I received with my alarm / remote start in 2006. It took under 5 minutes & one procedure to program all the features including remote start & trunk release. A Great Value as they have been priced elsewhere at over $100 for some time. I am going to get another!::Jeff::5.0::December 11, 2011
R4FXA9YK4K6F2::great, just as described::I've been looking and looking for a replacement for my fob that started to break and finally broke. After living with tape, and some glue, I chose to disconnect the Viper system and let it be. I came along this fob and thought I would just be buying the same poor quality as I had in the original. So far I am very pleased! Great price with a greater quality than before. Thanks for making me a believer in Viper once again.::Elijah::5.0::December 4, 2011
R2F5G34S31XDC5::I finally got a new one. Not sure why i took so long to get one.::This item is exactly what i had from the dealer. I dropped mine i don't know how many times. I Super glued and taped but after 4 years it was time for a new one. Thanks amazon because now i have one that stays together and that works.::Misslady in Az::5.0::November 22, 2011
R1XE3Y23ZCUI5R::FAlls apart::This remote falls apart pretty quickly, not really worth it. Very disappointed with the quality this really mediocre product. Boo::Laura::2.0::October 10, 2011
R3320QB44ES1K3::Nice replacement::Looked new and works just as fine. Wish these were alittle more resistant to breakage and the led light covers stay in sockets if dropped.  Overall I'm cool.::David Franklin::4.0::October 4, 2011
R2YRH83LGI5LT3::GREAT replacement remote::Viper sucks because this is the fourth remote I have purchased in 4 years. They always break even if you handle it carefully. However amazon had it the cheapest because it will run you over $100 if purchased in a store. So I got it within a week and it works fine.::Kiya::3.0::March 10, 2011
R164V7M1FVCY20::gift::for my son in law i have not heard any complaints therefore it must be working great or he would tell me otherwise::sue sue::4.0::January 5, 2011
R36EBWQNNHKW0Q::Review Viper 488V Led 2-Way Remote::The Viper 488V Remote is a replacement.  The previous was 4 years old.  This remote meets all of my expectations.::Flescorpio::4.0::May 4, 2010
RYUSQX65A2ADV::Thank you Amazon!::Fast shipping was a plus. The remote is very easy to program. Great for a spare remote or an replacement. Same remote on the viper site is $100 or more!::K. Tongue::5.0::March 17, 2010
R1TKTC1JX8EPUK::Falls apart::This is my third replacement remote in two years. The first two were within the first year and were replaced by the company after many phone calls, emails and letters. This one is a good price - stated new, but did not come in package and no directions . I would have replaced the whole sstem but thinking of getting a new car within a year - hope this remote will last that long.Viper 488V Led 2-Way Remote::jcatt::1.0::January 21, 2011
R1EEKI7RE034J4::Biggest Piece of junk!!!::This remote is the biggest piece of junk... It breaks within the first month of use.  The keyless entry/remote start system is great but once the remote breaks, you have to shell out a small fortune to replace it to maintain the system's worth.  I would recommend the newer models, even the new iphone app remote starter kit.::mycincinnatidj::2.0::July 19, 2010
R3OERTEYL1ZZUL::Alarmed again::Thank you for keeping this alarm key in stock. It was brand new and it is working like my old one use to work. Great!::Jessie C. Love::5.0::June 26, 2010
R1GGRD57MA0J84::Viper 488V replacement remote review::The remote was good, but it did not come with the necessary pieces to make it actually work. I feel a little gypped.::R. Brunz::4.0::February 15, 2010
R1WE6WVCKZ71BN::Great Price, Quality merchandise,  Fast Shippng::Quality merchandise, excellent manufacturing the video and power connector ends fit thier mating connectors securely. Worked well with all of my cameras, I was concerned about picture quality running power and video over 100' of cable so I tested the cables with 3 different cameras. The cable insertion losses were not an issue.::R. Sickler::5.0::February 23, 2010
R13ECZHPWAOK52::CABLE FOR CCTV::Only a novice at CCTV and wires and connectors and power supplies.......  But all worked as advertised.  The kids love seeing them selves on TV.........  Product exactly what I wanted..::CJ::5.0::September 30, 2013
R2WBLW9MLOD1MB::Stay away from these cables::I have one of their video camera's and it has decent picture quality so I thought their cables would be well built as well.  Unfortunately, that's not the case.  After the security cameras were hooked up and running I noticed at night that I had scrolling horizontal lines.  it seemed really odd and I thought I had a bad camera until I noticed a second camera doing it.  Two of eight cameras, and they were both from different manufacturers, is not a bad camera issue.  I looked at the video camera cables and unplugged the first white cable.  Sure enough it turned off the backyard camera, which was scrolling.  I tried the other white cable and sure enough, it turned off the hallway camera which was also flickering.  Instantly I knew what the issue was.  These cables are not shielded at all and the noise is causing the scrolling.Amazon was great.  The refunded all six that I had ordered and I put in an order for some Q-see shielded cables instead of this third party type.  The moment I hooked them up, they worked perfectly and the scrolling horizontal lines are gone.  That's the way a company should respond and that's the quality of the Q-see product compared to VideoSecu.  So stick with the name brand and be sure they are shielded.::Rodeman::1.0::July 9, 2012
R2JP202KDTPTCK::Cable Works::Cable seems thick and not cheap. Rats chewed through the last cable. Works well and I have no complaints. Is this now "20" words amazon.com?::Sean R. Sieja "Tech1982"::5.0::March 6, 2012
RYSQ2OGGGW8JM::Does the trick::The cables are a bit flimsy but as long as you are careful while pulling them, it shouldn't be an issue.I ran these from my basement to my detached via some 1" conduit. This is a bit tricky if pulling multiple cables through the same conduit due to the size of the BNC and power connections.I had one camera that did not come on, but a quick trip back up to the garage attic to reseat the BNC connection and everything was up and running.Quality seems the same as the 60ft cables that came with my security system so I have no complaints.I will buy again if I need another 100ft of cable.::Ryan::4.0::May 19, 2014
RH3W2ZNPL8GEM::Quick, easy, inexpensive.::Video cable is shielded coax. Power cable seems to be shield coaxial, but without the dialectric, hence a little less noise immune than the video cable. A great way to get a set of cameras up and running for a security system.::anonj::5.0::February 24, 2014
R36YG462G302CQ::good::goood stuff and the delevery was so great  only  2 days to get it the price is fair i recomend the black color::Abdullah::5.0::January 25, 2014
RDDMDFTH1QKNY::My review::Item was satisfactory ,it worked ,installed and not excessive signal loss.What else can you say about a cable. I am getting a good clear signal to the monitor and I would recommend it to anyone in need of .::spunky one::4.0::December 18, 2013
R3UXO1OY5H4O63::They really work good::They work very good and very reasonable price I bought 4 allready very satisfied customer ,ill recomended to anybody . Thank you Steph::Jacqueline::4.0::March 13, 2014
R2INKCBF95MEYD::Crappy::Installed and did not work , had to purchase another one ---  $$$$$$$Cable is To Flimsy - will not stand any attachment::Charles Camp::1.0::February 2, 2014
R32EQ2XESWEG87::Shielded Cables Only::Don't waste your money.They are less expensive than Good,Sheilded cables,But remember.....U GET WHAT U PAY FOR ! Even some "high end" cables here that CLAIM to be shielded & "UL" Listed ,ARE NOT ! Careful guys !::kmayfield454::1.0::August 26, 2013
RNIZS29GUVQ11::working good::Got for my camera this cable 100FT is very long so more than I ever need and it still working now::Neng Vang "Neng2012"::4.0::August 23, 2013
R31JGH2K3MQ31::I Loooooo::, Love it, works for me, will buy again and recomend, to friends and anemies too, why not , I am neutral.::Leszek Cebulak::5.0::August 10, 2013
R2D0ZJRECVZQ86::Not the same anymore::They have not been as durable as they were a year ago. I have been buying the same ones and some of them are shielded lighter than others.::Tech/Handy Guy 001::3.0::June 24, 2013
R33IW7SO5DVLKY::Does the job::Works fine but it could have been a little heavier gauge wire for the length.Item was shipped out quickly.::Nutsy::4.0::April 12, 2013
R3UPHVG3L9KM1O::DOA on arrival, get what you pay for::I was really surprised when I got this cable how small in diameter and flimsy it was.  I have a few different brands of siamese cables around now and both are heavier wires.  But bigger isn't always better so I figured I would give this a shot.I connected it to a camera to test it (if you are going to be running any new wire ALWAYS test it before fishing it in the walls).  I got a green screen with horizontal lines even after a surveillance system reboot, on a known good camera.  This one is going back!::Amazon Customer::1.0::April 12, 2013
ROJFU4ZSR72YC::You get what you pay for::Cheap cables, but really poor quality. Ordered 3 and two of them had issues with the power connector: on first use power was flickering because the wires were already breaking and fraying at the connector head. Also, the way that they are wrapped at the factory basically guarantees that you will spend 20 minutes untangling wire (which might have contributed to the failing power connector). Save yourself the frustration and get something better.::Cristobal Mendoza::2.0::January 26, 2013
R1GAYA6B28YI29::Better than what came stock with system.::The connectors are of better quality than the stock cables that came in the box with Zmodo. So far they held up great to 32F Las Vegas winter.....will update after 120F Las Vegas summer if anything goes bad!::Elpablo::5.0::January 13, 2013
R2EBPHAOAD7CQQ::works::I installed the camera with this lead had plenty buy the way seams very well manfactured i ran it undeer the house connected the ends one to camera and the other to the t.v. taa daa.! once again I have amazed my self with a diy project.::Shoprat::4.0::December 24, 2012
R3TLGQSX3JRRYC::very thin cable, but did not break::Watch if you are the one running the cables, or let your installer know, to be gentle with the cable not to pull hard when fishing...I had to, but did not break, anyway it felt like stretching or something... just be careful::Rommel Guerra::3.0::December 7, 2012
R3TI3HTWKO3WLU::Works Fine and came with RCA attachments::Just enough cable for the cable run I needed to make.  Works Fine and no issues.  Now I have BNC to RCA attachments. I use the BNC to RCA attachment to connect the cameras to a portable player for adjusting the angle of cameras.  The picture quality seems to be the same with these cables as with other cables of purchased.::rtk::4.0::September 27, 2012
RUJ02S9552IXE::Excellant Product & Great Price !::This cable did the same job that other over priced cables provide.Shipping was fast & packaging was easy open.I had 25 Feet left to spare!For the same price of many 70 Feet cables lol::J. V. Pham "Techster"::5.0::July 17, 2012
RLRGWWZY0DADK::Great picture::I have the camera pointed out my driveway. I can see when my paper is delivered.I can see the traffic on my street,watch when the mailman comes and the camara is pointed west, I see beautiful sunsets.I had used regular rca wires and had a lot of static.this wire gives me a clear 1080 picture on my tv with sound.I can't wait to watch a thunder storm from the comfort of my couch.::AJM25::5.0::June 12, 2012
R1GJARQ8GATOE0::as advertised::It was wrapped really tight and tangles while unraveling but that's pretty much expected.  Otherwise it came as advertised and works great.::D. Faust::5.0::February 1, 2012
R919VCRNYCGW4::Not yet installed::Looks good, about the quality I expected.  Before I run the cable I will test it.  Not everything I buy is used immediately.::William H. Roberts "electronics nut"::5.0::May 5, 2013
R3E9DXRF4LC009::cable::I had purchased this for a camera installation but ended up not needing it so I will hold onto it.::janice magruder::4.0::April 22, 2013
R2BGPQU8U8YJ6L::A mount for all uses::I did allot of research for a mount that would meet my needs.This product was the best I found. I purchased the doublepackage. I needed to mount my camera on the wall, drop it downabout six inches, angle it 35 degrees one way, and tilt it 20degrees. This product does all that and more. All the piecescome apart and can easily be assembled in a multitude of ways.Camera simply screws on and can be tightened in any position.Nice quality and color, strong and adjustable, looks andworks great.::FOCUS::5.0::February 9, 2010
R2N3H53GDP6F0S::How I fixed the thumb screw not tightening the ball swivel issue.::I ordered three of these to mount foscam security cameras around my home and also ran into the issue of a poor tightening of the ball swivel with the thumbscrew.  I was about to give up on them but stumbled upon a fix that worked for me. On the ball swivel piece you will notice an allen head set screw opposite the thumbscrew.  What I did was use an allen wrench to remove the set screw and swapped it with the thumbscrew on the opposite side of the shaft.  The threading is the same on the thumbscrew and the allen set screw.  Now with the thumbscrew located in the hole furthest back from the ball swivel it easily tightens the swivel.  I am not sure if this setup is how it should have came from the factory or not, but it might explain how some peoples reviews say it works great and some reviews complain about the lack of tightening.::Bob::4.0::August 28, 2012
RJ9C96ZNQ38H7::VideoSecu Mounting Bracket::I bought a couple of these mounting brackets for my Panasonic network cameras.  The quality is pretty good for the price of the brackets.  I paid $4.81 for each bracket.  Yes, they are made in China.  I don't know how well they would hold a 10 pound camera, but they don't have any problems holding my 1 pound cameras.  The color is suppose to be white, but I would say they are more of an off-white or beige color.  Overall, I am happy with the brackets.  I purchased mine from Warehouseseller.  The shipping was quick.::Easy-G::4.0::March 9, 2010
R3HS7JQU4ZXPBJ::Not Well Constructed, Poorly Fitted Ball Joint, Thread Strips::I bought 4 of these, two white, two black. Strangely, the black ones worked okay. With the white ones everything was fine except the screw that tightens the moveable ball joint did not light up correctly with the slot (no matter how much I moved it around) and if you put much pressure on tightening it down, it just strips the threads making the entire things useless. Just not well made and cheap metal.::Glenn S. Phillips "Glenn S. Phillips"::1.0::June 14, 2012
RE0SO1VCF73NM::Works great, good value::This is a very versatile little product for mounting surveillance cameras such as the Panasonic BL-C111, BL-C121, BL-C131. It arrived quickly from the supplier ("Warehouseseller").At first I was puzzled since there were no instructions and I only saw the track-mount base, but then I realized there was also a round, screw-anchored mounting base that could be used with other extension pieces to mount my Panasonic network cameras from the side or top inside a window frame. It takes a small allen wrench to remove the ball-joint that screws into the camera to facilitate mounting the bracket without the camera attached, then attaching the camera. Screws and wall anchors are included. This was exactly what I needed.::Will::5.0::December 14, 2010
R1LW0FFL7WE6BX::Missing items in all items bought.::These mounts seem to be sturdy and will do the job very well. Great price.Problem was 1/2 the items shown in ad and on box are either removed or not included.Bought a few and all boxes had missing parts.Not a good buisness practice VideoSecu.::June Stone::3.0::October 22, 2013
R28L2QOPGCVYS::Junk::The parts of this bracket stripped and broke immediately.  Very poor quality, and nothing that I would recommend to anyone.::J. Doyle "J. Doyle"::1.0::June 23, 2013
R3MNL0FJ5MBI8C::Video Secu Wall/Ceiling mount::The issue I had with this was the tilt bracket. It had no way to cinch down the ball to secure it. All the other parts were fine but the tilt bracket was why I purchased it.::Clark::2.0::August 21, 2012
R2UMN6SNS97V3S::It's smaller than it looks.::I was a little surprised that the shaft is only about half an inch wide but that wasn't an issue.  It has very solid construction and is completely adjustable.::James D. Wong::5.0::September 23, 2010
R1Q7LX4062SL0X::Not needed with most Foscam Camera's for basic install::I ordered this Mounting bracket as my Foscam FI8910 camera did not mention anything about having a mounting bracket that would allow me to mount it to the ceiling. But it did come with a bracket. No it is not as flexible as this one. So get this if you need great flexibility but I would recommend you make sure you cant use the one that came with it. It almost cost as much as the kit to return it. That return cost was big reason for a 2 star.::Harvey Fagler::2.0::January 30, 2014
R2YFHS1FV9OBHA::Poorly Engineered::The VideoSecu MCB1B is a piece of junk. It is impossible to secure the camera in a stable position as the set screw does not properly hold the ball joint in place. I suggest you look elsewhere for a ceiling mount for your outdoor surveillance camera as I am.  Any suggestions will be appreciated.::Robert F.::1.0::October 20, 2013
R260WSFG1V20O3::Bring Your Own Screws::Solid mount and big improvement over the plastic one that comes with the Foscam. The supplied screws, however are butter soft and very easily stripped. Save time and use your own screws.::WilliWu::4.0::April 14, 2013
R30G0UDA7GPKXF::Cheaply made, don't bother::I do not like writing negative reviews, however the poor job of manufacturing of this " thing" beckons for it. Pivoting mount never firmly tightens or locks into place, horrible. Not worth paying for return charges.::G. Swan "stormgeek"::1.0::March 13, 2013
R2I7ML05BS893G::Somewhat useful.::I bought three of these mounts for my three foscams but I ended up using just one. The color is not white and the even though the quality is ok and don't particular like the way are done. I only use a base that I screwed on the ceiling and then I attach the camera directly to it.::Maykel Rodriguez::3.0::February 17, 2013
R20E39IPGK5CA0::Great for Foscam cameras::Bought this to mount my Foscam camera in our baby's nursery.Solid metal build, customizable for your personal setup.Would have given this review if the color was actually white, and not light grey. Also the "X" stand piece is oddly bad. Not sure how they think it would be stable enough to hold a ip camera in any stable fashion.Aside from that, its a solid camera wall/ceiling mount.::Jamboa::4.0::January 31, 2013
RMIL020M8P0XT::wast of money::I found after ordering that I didnt really need it ... considering the price it didnt matter to be to go through the hassle with returning it. Was going to use the mounting kit with the Foscam camera's.::e2drew::3.0::January 15, 2013
RAI9BZX6DU4TD::Does not tighten::If it worked, this would be perfectly adequate for $7. Unfortunately no matter how much I tighten the screw (far left component in the product photo) it still moves. I.e. the camera wobbles around all over the place. Now, I tested the item when I received it a few months ago. It seemed to be fine. But today when I go to install it, it is broken. Summary. If it works great, but don't expect it to last long.::Richard J. Mcgrath "RichardMcGrath"::1.0::January 8, 2013
R3G2ZXDZ09T235::You get what you pay for.::When I recently ordered a Foscam FI8910W from Amazon, I was unaware that It included a mount, so I ordered this mount as well.  This mount appears to be of low quality and also very ugly compared to the mount that was included with the camera.  Looks like I have some metal for the scrap pile..Not worth the cost to return it.::Adam Dwyer::1.0::December 7, 2012
RVJKEY74V5X8K::Absolute Junk with a capital J!::I should know that you get what you pay for, but I thought for less than $6.00 how could I possibly go wrong?Well, I was wrong! First impression was the pieces floating around inside the shipping envelope. The box the products came in (I ordered two) had fallen apart in shipment. No big deal, the envelope they were shipped in contained the spill.The ball head was initially tight, but as soon as it broke free from what I assume was the paint that was holding it steady, I could not tighten either one down to make the head stop moving. The way the design is supposed to work the setscrew on one side and the thumb screw on the other are supposed to put pressure that forces the ball cup into a friction fit with the ball. It just does not happen. And tightening the thumb screw any more just strips the screw.Poor design, poor materials, poor packaging... you will just end up $6 poorer than you already were. Don't waste your money or time on these.::Synergy Farmer "Synergy Farmer"::1.0::October 29, 2012
RLY8PYEIRW1CD::CC Camera bracket::I bought this product for mounting a IP Camera and it was a waste of money. The hole to secure the swivel was drilled in the wrong place and swivel could not be secured. Since I paid as much to have it shipped as it cost there is no point in returning it. It went in the garbage. Next time I will go to a camera store in my area and inspect it before buying.::Rick::1.0::July 21, 2012
R1FGJU5R8Y9KAH::Great item, easy to use::This is a strong, well-made bracket. My camera is hanging well in my corner area down in my bedroom. Thanks to this camera ceiling mount, priced  right, fast shipping, easy to mount, strong, what more can I say. Highly Recommend!!::Barbra::5.0::March 13, 2012
ROF2IUDVQ60AD::Good product::I used 2 of these to ceiling mount an lg led projector. I only used the shafts from the 2nd to give an extra few inches on the drop.::RGFFSAN::4.0::March 11, 2012
R3DOD5BF9BJRGL::Better than what came with my Logitech::I've got three of the Logitech Alert cameras, and I didn't like the mounting hardware that came with them.  Was the same basic design as this, just smaller, not quite as sturdy, so it didn't get my external cameras far enough away from the posts I had secured them to, so I ended up with a slight halo effect at night time from the IR reflecting off the surfaces that were just a bit too close to the camera.This is solidly built, extends well, and the swivel mount locks really well, no movement at all.  Only problem I had was with the company that sold them as opposed to the unit itself, since mine appears to have been used, not new. Things were already opened and out of the little zip lock bags, and the box had a little ripping to the flap.  But it looks like it was just opened and tried, not ever put into place since there's no scratches or marks on it anywhere, so not a big deal.Definitely worth it if you find yourself a little underwhelmed with the hardware that came with your security cameras...  Especially for this price.::John S. Dean "John"::4.0::May 18, 2011
R3BKPZI7FD915X::It works and fits anywhere::The Kit is well worth the meager costs compaird to a one waymounting kit. Provided several options and parts can be savedif the camera must be moved.  Ideal for Security Camerashowever it is white which is good for inside white IP CamsSo just spray it any color you want for location needs.I will be purchasing more than one on my next order.whatmorecanyousay::Whatmorecanyousay "Bob"::5.0::April 17, 2011
R2VDR6XPXZ6IDP::Works well::Worked as advertised. It would have been nice to have a choice of white (vs. just beige and black)::jfk::4.0::November 5, 2010
R66IW2AX62KDJ::Beware of FAKE VideoSecu mount!!!!::BEWARE OF THE FAKE STUFF!!!!  If the mount you received does not look exactly the same as the pictures,  it is a FAKE VideoSecu.Some vendor,  carrierone for example,  ships the fake stuff with plastic base and sub quality mount that is short than 6 inches.AMAZON SHOULD BAN SELLERS WHO SELL COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS!!!!::K. Lin "bugiman"::4.0::November 11, 2011
R15BMML9M05MAN::Very Poor Quality::I got this as a suggested "buy together and save" as I was buying an IP camera.  I don't know what I expected for the low price of the unit, but this has already found it's way to the trash.  The VERY FIRST time I tried to tighten the screw down to hold the camera in place, it completely stripped out.  I was just tightening it with my fingers!  Plus, it never even got to the point where it was tight enough to hold up my little Panasonic Camera.If you don't need the piece pictured on the far left, which is what allows the camera to be on any sort of angle, this unit should be fine.  However, if you need that piece on the left go buy something else, because this one is junk.::Dan::1.0::June 1, 2012
R1WE1DLTNNZ3KA::Don't Buy This Item - You're just rolling the dice for junk::Don't waste your time rolling the dice concerning whether you're going to get an item that works (based on some of the other reviews that say it does) or one that won't, either because quality control is unknown to VideoSecu or the item is counterfeit, which has apparently been a problem with this China-made item on Amazon. The adjustable ball-head has a thumb screw locking device that is supposed to screw against it, mechanically locking it at whatever angle you desire. On the item I got, the thumbscrew tightened uselessly against a loose, cylindrical piece of metal above the ball-head, and could not possibly have reached the head had that piece of metal not been there. It boggles the mind that this could have been designed by a conscious person, or manufactured at all. My six-year-old grandson could have designed and built a better item with his Legos. Read the less-than-stellar reviews here and then see if you want to take your chances rolling the dice. I did and it came up snake eyes.::Jenoor::1.0::January 31, 2012
R1W5A9TPT1HJA1::Item did not work with my Panasonic BL-C230A::Bracket that arrive had different thread between the shafts and the head. The thread of the head was NOT a camera mount thread hence my camera would not mount. I am returning to Amazon.The product description on Amazon even seems to suggest they have an issue with fake copies. It says " Please report to Amazon if the mount you received does not bear VideoSecu logo"Overall the design was fine and I think would have work nicely with my camera.::Franklin Keller::1.0::January 10, 2012
R3VLAKH45Z98RI::Does what I need it to do::I didn't need it for all of the attachments. I just needed the base that screws into the ceiling.Pros:- Feels sturdy.- Fits on perfectly.- Easy to and add to the security camera.Cons:- No problems.::IDGAF!!!!::5.0::May 27, 2014
RK30NU9O5H69T::Kinda cheap::Looks solid enough at first glance, even feels it. But after a few adjustments the stupid set screw will not tighten the bracket enough to hold it in place. That pretty much defeats the whole purpose doncha think?::weatherbear::2.0::May 25, 2014
R3QC4H2MORI3DP::Strong::Do the job, very strong and durable, plus the adjustable length feature is awesome. One can place and adjust it to ones needs.::Ray::5.0::May 20, 2014
RA2L4GL2X4LHK::Worked well for a slightly different use case::I used this to mount my 3M streaming Roku projector to the ceiling. It worked pretty well for this purpose, but the adjustment system is a bit problematic. I could either have it very loose where it didn't hold anything in place or so tight that you can't make any small adjustments. There didn't seem to be any in between. Other devices I have that work similarly, like mini tripods, have a point where you can adjust them with a little bit of friction and then turn the lock screw to lock it down tight once get it where you want it. It was hard to get this thing to lock down tight and once you got it where you wanted it, trying to lock it down would cause it to move a little. I eventually managed, but only after a lot of aggravated frustration. I probably took it apart where the set screw and ball are half a dozen times trying to figure out if I was doing something wrong. Once adjusted and in place though, it works perfectly for the task I gave it as it is very small and unobtrusive.::A Y G::3.0::April 18, 2014
R2W2SFKT38NYXH::VideoSecu Wall Ceiling Mount Bracket for CCTV CCD Box Body Camera 2-6 inch...::This item was advertised as being white. It is not ... it is an ugly beige. I ended up sending it back. If you don't mind the off-white color it looks like it would be a good product.::Sandy S "Sandy S"::2.0::April 10, 2014
R1SS3N06OFNIJ7::Nice not excellent::This item is very compatible with Foscam IP camera if it's very nice it is of a nice support I did not see that I needed this item as buying an item parts to come with the package so I did return this item beware of shipping charges always thank you and please look forward tomorrow my reviews only on Amazon .....SirRoberto::Sir Roberto::4.0::March 27, 2014
RZNBJZ4ODQXEH::usless::don't buy this no need for it at allvery short what's the point of all this small parts you can put any camera upside down or any how without this::bss kuwait::1.0::February 22, 2014
R1PBQUVGPT0UHG::Works great.::I wanted to mount a camera to a surface which had an odd angle to it and the camera itself did not give me enough range of motion for it to view what I wanted. This mount worked perfect. Gave me enough lengths to choose the one that worked the best and it allows for enough movement to position the camera exactly where I want.::dky::4.0::February 19, 2014
R1JL2BUMGZC80B::mounting kit::this mounting kit is outstanding ! it does eveything I need ! the parts are well made and does the job well::Paul Harshman::4.0::January 18, 2014
R3CKH6WQ4C4DGY::Great Product::This product was easy to hook up and was a good price as well.  An easy fit with the camera we bought.::JenStar70::5.0::January 15, 2014
R6ONRX28MVN4Q::Nice selection of pieces::Used this to hang an Angel care baby monitor. Worked perfectly. Had a wide range of pieces where I could have it positioned exactly as I wanted.::Nick::5.0::January 11, 2014
R3VV2UTNCIXS2A::Made of metal, sturdy, be careful not to overtighten and strip the tilt lock nut::Made of metal and when hooked together leaves you confident that you can mount a heavier camera with it.  Be careful of the lock nut that holds the tilt mechanism as overtightening will strip the threads and render the whole thing unusable.  I used this to mount a fairly heavy outdoor IP Bullet Security camera and it worked fine.::Schundg "Schundg"::4.0::November 5, 2013
R3CZJLKLQX78RR::So much better than what comes standard from Agasio::Very nice design, easy to manipulate the mounted IP camera in any direction.  Sturdy construction and easy to install and adjust.::Randall Catalano::5.0::October 22, 2013
RH2TYUQ6A7TSO::Can't beat the price!::Everything is included to mount your camera just about anywhere you need it to be. This mount is metal, not plastic and is strong enough to last a long time.::Tomio Yamawaki II::5.0::October 12, 2013
R27SBEA34PCTRW::Great Mounts::I use these for all my security cameras. They are very cheap, and cheaply made. But they are sturdy enough to hold the cameras and not swivel, twist, or distort outside in high winds and rain. The little "X" piece is for a drop ceiling, which I don't have so I could not test it. But the modular cylinders are perfect. I saved the ones I didn't use on all the other ones and they are all interchangeable.::2K1Toaster::5.0::September 26, 2013
RKX4O0IB7JMQH::I like this product::I think that these small cameras like agasio should come with something like this.I have few plastic one and they brake after ajusting the camera when you tight them.Grate product::Bart::5.0::September 21, 2013
R34GX3LISSHGWF::Light weight camer mount::The key word is lightweight. The camera it holds is measured in ounces and the gorilliaas who install what to put 120 ft. lbs on pressure on this device. Easy guys or you will strip thread on the unit and yourself - think ounces of pressure::G Clark::4.0::September 18, 2013
R1WO7FA4MJ862X::Great for configuring cameras into different angles.::This little set is great for a lot of things. I purchased several and use them for surveillance cameras that need a specific angle, or when I'm doing time lapse photography or videography.The Good: The different variations you can make with one set is fantastic, and with a couple sets of these it's pretty much limitless.The Bad: Get some locktite or some teflon tape for the threads. They can come unscrewed or loose if there is any vibration or if the load is at an awkward angle.The Verdict: These were exactly what I needed and really make getting whatever camera you have into whatever position you need.::Amazon Customer::5.0::September 3, 2013
R393YONUT9A17Y::Perfect!::I've ordered these in the past, I love them.  I got new security cameras and bought 2 more of these.  Easy to use and versatile.::Kevin::5.0::August 19, 2013
RY4M5Z8F9AZF8::Camera Ciling Mount::it works for cameras that don't come with ceiling mount like Panasonic. very simple and small goes together and fits standard mounts.::Zykronix::4.0::August 11, 2013
R1WW32P3OQHLFE::great buy::worked great as replacement for another system that i had purchased and one hanger had broke. was a great fix::David Potter::5.0::August 9, 2013
R27NWNPY5GQWGJ::bad swivel design::The swivel is the worst part of this product. It's very difficult to tighten and adjust to desired angle.  Even worse if using it for a heavy camera.::ShopperA::2.0::August 8, 2013
R1P4LDI1NZSICM::nice item::worked very well for my application. Actually bought several. I wish the had a little more bulk to them. It's a little on the lightweight side.::Francis J. Miele::5.0::July 29, 2013
R1Y5614AY5JTSR::It Works::I have several of these. Heed the warnings about stripping the thumb screw, it is just white metal. Other than that the mount is all metal and they work pretty well once you are aware of this one issue. Where else are you going to get an adjustable height mount for this price?::Michael P::4.0::July 9, 2013
R2K43OWGPU9B0P::Used it for my Foscam Cameras::My indoor foscam cameras come with a plastic mount that has only a few mounting configurations.This gizmo is made out of metal so it would do better outdoors than the plastic I think.Second with all the adapters it comes with it has many mounting configurations.::ekazanova "Kev"::4.0::May 26, 2013
R5U8AC3X97Y26::A great value::I recently purchased 5 Foscam cameras for my home but the mounts included are junk. I randomly came across this mount and thought for $6 I would give it a try ... they are pretty nice for the price, I bought 5 more for every camera. They could easily double the price of this mount and it would still be worth it. Some users have complained about the ball joint loosening up ... I haven't experience that so far. My only complaint is the "white" is not a true white but more of an antique white... but with the ceiling mount its not easily noticed.::ECHO444::5.0::May 7, 2013
R36CMTBNKN7QV::Perfect fit::Just what I needed to extend my camera out to receive wide angles. This was a great buy, will buy a couple more as I ad more cameras::pickle::5.0::May 4, 2013
R2YDBPFUF9SPY5::VideoSecu Wall Mount Bracket::Item arrived on time and with no problems.  Once the plastic wrap was removed from the wall bracket what you see is what you purchased, and I encountered no unwelcome hidden surprises in this.  The various parts detach and thread together with minimal effort so using the bracket with a Foscam 8910w camera was fairly simple.::Sanjuro::4.0::April 20, 2013
R2F7RYGI0LVY1F::Supports very practical::Practical and fairly easy to install.The exact color to install in my house with FOSCAM cameras.Allows a variety of facilities.::carlos salazar::4.0::April 18, 2013
RU7CS9AHJU9CJ::Works well for a Foscam::I used this to get a smaller, lower profile mount for my Foscam.  It works well and it's solid enough that it will outlast the technology.  The included mount with the Foscam was garbage.::Jay "jason_j_a"::4.0::April 14, 2013
R767Z79LVEFPS::VideoSecu Wall/Ceiling Mounting Bracket.::What's not to love? It's got everything needed to securely mount any standard lightweight video camera. There are two mounts included; one fits drop-ceiling T-bars; and the other mounts to any flat surface. There are two extensions supplied; which makes mounting a video camera easy.There are enough parts supplied for two camera mounts; unfortunately, there's only one swivel head.::SoCal Tom::5.0::April 4, 2013
R3HSC9QAAH6F48::just right::The mount was as advertised with includd hardware. Not much to it, so not much to explain.After the product shipped, it was received before anticipated date, and maybe the arrival was because I had it shipped to work, and not home. Just a guess.::Brian Hartwig::5.0::April 4, 2013
R2YPPW8X5TXGPT::Perfect::Exactly as I expected. The item arrived as expected. I would order this again from this vendor. Fast arrival time.::Robert G. Acosta::5.0::March 23, 2013
RRHYMN406YD6F::Cheap and holds up well::We use this mount to hold a little video camera up to tape our Sunday services. Works great and doesn't move once set. About as simple as it gets. Very good value.::Ryan Leafgreen::5.0::March 13, 2013
RF1X8501370P8::Works great as mount for video projector.::I use mine as a ceiling mount for a LED video Projector and it serves it's purpose well. It is sturdy and well made. And for the price you can't go wrong. Works Great for what I need.::Rev. Derring "Jesus is Lord"::5.0::February 5, 2013
RR5X889USRZ4S::Much better than included mount::I was using the standard mount Included with the cameras but they did not seem as solid/sturdy as I wanted, so I figured I'd try this out. Glas I did these are metal and hold much better than what came with the camers as well as providing more options for angles/length.::J::5.0::February 3, 2013
R14PFCY3ICRDHI::Very Good::This was a very good purchasing experience.  The item was just as described and was shipped immediately.  I really liked it.::NASman::5.0::January 23, 2013
RQK2NSVMGMOTL::Perfect::Mounting brackets worked well with the camera I bought my son. the price was so low we just had to buy!::Buffy::5.0::January 17, 2013
R2PPBOL3CADSO3::Very useful for additional mounting options for IP cameras. UPDATE: soft metal strips out easily::VideoSecu is a name I have grown to trust when it comes to swing arm mounts for HDTVs, the quality carries over to the camera mounts as well. The three attachment bars allow longer and shorter arm lengths to the camera or to be raised higher or dropped lower. I used this mount for an IP camera, the way it is configured it allows many different mounting options.  Versatile and flexible, qualities I value in a product.  Would definitely consider utilizing again depending on the needs of the mount location.Update:  During a relocation the main bolt stripped the threads, most of this is now unusable, if I buy another one several of the parts will be able to be reused, if I needed more arms.  The metal on the shaft where the thumb bolt enters is soft and strips easily. Use caution or buy a higher quality product.::Amazon Customer "formerly a Road Warrior of t...::1.0::January 16, 2013
R1B1NKX0C3TVOI::Many options::This item is really good for the price: strong, pieces fit well and you have lots of possibilities on how to put it together. Does the job. Definitely worth the money::C. Martin::5.0::January 16, 2013
R1B14FDQ7V4B6G::very good::very good experience, I recommend it widely, the shipment arrived on time. the product was exactly the that I wanted::Dinarte::5.0::January 1, 2013
R128HL8IMDB4MT::Mounting Directions Anywhere?::I want to mount my camera from the ceiling and use the "Drop ceiling 'X' clip" but there are no instructions that I can find and I've never seen anything like this 'X' clip so I can't figure it out. Any help you can provide is appreciated!  It looks like it's a great product, sturdy, easy to interchange the pieces, but no instructions included, just a list of parts on the box. Not even a picture of what it looks like mounted on the ceiling. Also, it says it's white, but it's light beige.::Lindsey R. Schuh "Mama"::4.0::October 15, 2012
R2LJ3PRM1TYU7S::Works well with my SWANN Camera::I purchased this bracket because my factory SWANN bracket was failing at the ball joint.  The original bracket simply wouldn't tighten at the joint under the weight of the camera and the camera would tilt.  This bracket has been up for over two months and is working well with no problems.  This bracket appears to be even better quality than the original bracket that came with the camera.  The bracket comes in pieces that you screw together to form the bracket of your choice.  You can add sections depending on your individual needs.Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase.  My only criticism is the original color of the bracket. I didn't like the beige off-white color, so I painted it white to match the color of my house.::James in Los Angeles::5.0::September 28, 2012
R1LV88PJ9D68PX::Pleased::Very sturdy and easy to assemble. Was actually much better quality then i expected it to be at a reasonable price. Liked that i was able to mix and match to get the exact length that i wanted for my camera.::Larry::4.0::September 10, 2012
R1LLFVLNUTUH0N::Great Mount for the Price::Mount was prefect fit for outdoor mounting of Foscam IP cameras. Easy to install and configure. For the <$10 price I have no complaints.::Dan::5.0::September 2, 2012
R2LEJ7Y1SOA3J4::Outstanding bracket::This little camera mount is better than I expected. It can work great for any ceiling mount application of a camera. I was able to aim and adjust the camera. Worked very well for me.::gurmit::5.0::March 13, 2012
RJOVOVUHQOD2Y::Very good camera mount!::Definitely worth the money. Come with most necessary hardware. I didn't have any difficulty to set it up. For the price a great value.::MOHAMED::5.0::March 3, 2012
R26R9DCP73XGDG::Good deal!::Good deal and good quality product, the shipment was on time and a good price. I found this product when I was looking for a IP wireless camera, but I didn't think before how to mount in the wall, and this was a good choice.::Pedro Alexander Torres Fuentes::5.0::February 21, 2012
R7ICKX11FN0TR::Better than expected::yes it is MADE IN CHINA...but so is your underwear....lol, but this mount is actually good quality.  It's made out of heavy duty metal and its pretty durable.  I mean it holds up my 3 lbs camera just fine...I don't know about a 15 lbs camera...lol.::guy::4.0::January 28, 2012
R1ZA9YERRAMNOG::Excellent little camera mount!::Comes with everything you need to mount a small surveillance camera, I am using it to permanently mount a yagi antenna and works great.  Seems to be powder coated steel and is very solid for the size.  Thinking about it now, this would probably be a good mount for a small gamecam as well without having to pay the gamecam mount prices.  If you are wondering, the little folding mount is for drop in ceilings.::M. Sutherland::4.0::November 18, 2011
R3NC71VCAY3G7S::Video Secure Wall Celling::The parts were delivered promptly. I completed the installation on to my living ceiling in 5 minutes. I am very happy with this wall mount device.::bingo51::5.0::September 27, 2011
R3OMJKVZ4TG21M::Perfect For What We Needed::Needed to mount a video camera to the ceiling to document an art project in a gallery.  This product was by far the most affordable and worked exactly as advertised.  Very easy to install and use.  Solid construction.::Angie's Daddy::5.0::June 5, 2011
R1SOT783EL4335::Good stand extension::I needed to extend the height of my IP Camera and this fit the need. Its made of metal and each segment screws together, comes with a flat base and a drop ceiling bracket base. Would be nice if I could find one with longer segments.::Amazon Customer::4.0::March 25, 2011
R1OO664HRGDR9E::Beware only 1 in the box::I received the bracket and it was better than the ones that came with the camera. When I look at the ad, I think 2 brackets are included. The picture show 2. There is only 1 in the box. If you read the description it tells what is included. I got what the description said but don't be fooled by the picture. There is only 1.::dec1000::3.0::March 27, 2013
R3T9CM72ADMNCO::Poor quality and incompatible screw size::Thread for attaching to camera body is not 1/4".  It's slightly smaller, maybe 3/16", so is incompatible with standard camera bodies and the IP camera I bought it for.  Also, thumb screw used for tightening ball head strips with very little force.  It seems to be made of aluminum!I would totally return this, but it sat around in my garage for about a half a year before I tried installing the camera.  Now it's too late.  I'm upset that it was recommended as one of those "usually purchased with" items.Don't buy.  Piece of junk.  The people leaving good reviews must have received a different product.::Sharon::1.0::October 7, 2012
R2QISIH6YU7H2V::Warning, only part of this will work with the Panasonic IP Camera::Picked up two of these kits to go with the BL-C210, based on the little "Customers who purchased this also purchased XXX."  The BL-C210 camera does not come with any type of mounting bracket, so you need something to mount it if you want it on the wall or ceiling.  While the rigid portions of this kit fit the mounting hole on the camera great, the turn-piece you use to put the camera at an angle has a smaller diameter then the camera and does not fit even close.  As long as you are ok with mounting the camera straight out or straight down, this will work fine.Also, as a note to several other reviews I have since read, the thumb screw that holds the adjustable piece is VERY easy to strip.  When you get it tighten up enough to keep the thing from moving, it stretches the threads badly, and is pretty much unusable if you ever have to change the position.  Many have complained of stripping the threads entirely, which I can see would be easy to do.Unfortunately for the price, its not worth the trouble to return them, so they will go into the parts drawer for some future project.  For this camera, they are pretty much useless.::Jeff::1.0::May 21, 2012
R1IGRXFAICO6ZC::Poor quality control::This product came complete and the metal felt solid. The problem is quality control. All of the threading is on a 1/4" screw, but the diameter of the part (tilt head with locking thumb screw) that gets screwed into the camera is less than 1/4" making it just barely engage the threads in the camera. It does not hold the camera at all (I purchased this with a Panasonic BL-C210A). If you do not want to use the tilt head, the other strait shafts screw nicely into the camera.::NorthStar::1.0::April 28, 2012
R3LLKKAPFN4KXD::Threads are not standard camera mount::I bought this with my Panasonic BL-C210A and not only does this not fit that camera but it doesn't match any camera mount that I have.  Don't waste your time or money with this.  I didn't use this right away so it has been long enough I can't return now... not that it would be worth the time for $8.::CarlU "carluman"::1.0::April 4, 2012
R3SMQSBL9I2C8K::Weak link in design!::The good: All parts are made of sturdy steel, painted well, and there are enough parts to make installation very versatile.The bad: Who in their right mind puts a thumb turn screw to tighten and hold a ball/knuckle adjustment assembly? Unless the camera you're installing weighs about two ounces and you don't need to tilt the camera in ANY way, you will strip the THREE threads trying to tighten the thumb turn screw down enough to hold the camera in place. The cameras I tried to mount were Foscam weatherproof wireless IP cams, sturdily built but certainly not overly heavy. I had two of these type mounts and BOTH stripped out the thumb turn while trying to adjust camera to be held at a slight angle down. I wound up using mounts that came with the Foscams which were cheaper built but worked flawlessly. Live and learn I guess.::T-Snub::1.0::January 31, 2012
R1WGI9JUMCUB7W::Cheap, breaks easily::It fit my camera, but the thread on the tightening screw stripped by just a little turn by hand. I had to throw it away because the stripped thread made it useless. Very cheap, fragile metal.::Dean A. Derhak::1.0::January 25, 2012
R1ZYOFDY81PCNW::Tilt was broken::When I mounted this on my ceiling I was having trouble having the tilt lock in to place.  Not impressed with this mount.  I would not buy, but most of video secu is good products.  I would not recommend this to a friend.::hunterv::2.0::January 1, 2012
R1X8K5PURWG1GN::not recomended::sorry to say the pivoting head to this item has no real locking device.  the head just swings freely.  saying it politely it is a major design flaw! the screw doesn't even contact the ball to hold it in place::chris::1.0::December 18, 2011
R10J4SJJ9OIUT2::works great::if the foscam cameras were as good as these mounts it would have been perfect.I just wish the foscam cameras would have lived up to all the hype::peaceful warrior::3.0::January 17, 2013
RIPFM3C675D1U::Great product::This is a great little camera mount. Multiple length adjustments and easy to adjust for the angle that you want. I had one mount that the treads were completely messed up on. Other than that I will be buying more of these as I need them.::gromine::4.0::April 30, 2012
R23OX3WO90DH35::Didn't actually need it::I bought this thinking I'd need it for a ceiling mounting, but the camera I bought had everything needed. Make sure you actually need this before ordering.::David Townsend::3.0::May 20, 2013
R320JO6P6QU8VU::Haven't really needed it so hard to give a accurate rating::Haven't used these mounts because the camera's came ready to set where I ended them so I can't give a accurate rating, it looks like it would work good to hang from the ceiling but have not tried.::Donald Stidd::3.0::July 11, 2013
R1FV7J2N9DUVOW::Purchased this for ACER K11 Projector::I have not received this yet, but I have purchased this mount for my Acer K11 projector. The projector has build in female screw on it since its a mini/small projector. based on the pictures it will work for celling mounting of my projector. Will write follow up review once I receive the package.::PiO::5.0::April 25, 2011
R1ZHRH4D5MDMLS::Software doesn't work!::The first steps to unpack the product plug the camera in and watch it pan, tilt and blink worked fine. Loading the software and connecting to the camera has yet to work. Went to web site to download latest software and that didn't work. installed software on both a mac and windows system and neither worked. Too much time for a simple process. Tried to call for help, no listed phone number. WTF is up with this number one product?::Not Again::2.0::January 10, 2012
R1WX7VSOAQLMA2::Very realistic looking!::This looks just like the real thing.  The sensor that triggers the red light is very good & picks things up from quite a distance.I made it look even more real, by taking the wires out of an old broken (battery operated) toy that my Son had and glueing them under the batteries in the dummy camera where there was a little hole going into the device.  I used rubber cement (like E6000 that you can find in any sewing department).  I then made a little notch in the battery door and strung the wires out of the camera through there.  I drilled my pilot holes for the screws that the bracket attaches to. I then drilled another small hole in the ceiling next to the pilot holes and under where the bracket for the camera would go.  I put glue on the end of the wires and threaded them into that hole.  I then installed the camera and bracket over that hole I drilled.This way if someone ever pulls the camera out of the ceiling to see if it's real, they will be pretty sure their photo was taken when they realize they just ripped a bunch of wires out of the ceiling - that were attached to the camera.::Chris Martin "Green Chile"::5.0::December 8, 2009
R3KL931DTKWL36::Oh boy do I have a review you will all like.::I live in the mountains. Have a female neighbor that vandalized my property. My place is worth close to a million bucks. I built an 8 foot tall solid wooden fence between our properties, 200 feet long. I wanted to keep her and her white trash boyfriend away from my fence and property. I put three of these camera's on her side of my fence that is 4 feet on my side of the property line. This was in June of 2011. I also put up some old non working sensor lights and made it look like they were wired up to 12/2 wire. She complained to Sheriff that I was spying on her. He came out to my place and told me I needed to take them down. He looked right at them from like 2 feet away. I told him NO WAY, that I had a right to protect my property from a vandal of which he refused to press charges against for the vandalism because she works for the County Attorney's Office. (yes favoritism). Keep in mind my wife is a retired Deputy from another county and one of my children is a Sheriff's Deputy from a different department also. Long story short here. Sheriff had 3 deputies come out and look at my camera's and take photo's of them. Threatened me with a "felony stalking charge". I told him give it his best shot. He called in State Bureau of Investigation agents to investigate. They came out there on at least three different occasions taking photo's of these three fake camera's. I was laughing my butt off. This went on all summer. The Bureau agent wanted to talk to me after 5 months of investigation. I agreed because I wanted to talk to them. It was an hour and a half of interrogation and he was really biased toward the neighbor. I recorded the entire conversation unknown to the moron. It is legal in my state. He told me he was turning it over to the District Attorney for Prosecution. I said, good luck. In my state there are no laws against surveillance camera's outside and especially on your own property. I then hired a Defense Attorney in order to make sure lies from the Sheriff and Agents and Nieghbor, didn't get me charged. It has been in the hands of the DA now for over a month and I have heard nothing about any charges being filed. I have broken no laws. I have a feeling that two agents, the Sheriff and 3 of his deputies, and the neighbor have major egg on their faces because when I was interrogated I finally fessed up that the camera's are all fake. I even showed one to the idiot agent and boy did he get mad. Ha ha.......So, if you are wondering if these camera's look real enough for you, rest assured that they can fool anyone and they are a great deterrent to crime. This is definitely the short version of the readers digest version.::Secret Agent Man::5.0::December 21, 2011
R2CMT0PKZGPZYQ::Good looking, bad motion detection::I bought 4 of these, they install easily, and look realistic enough.  The exception is that the motion sensor has a range of 1-2 feet.  Not one of the four I bought had a range of more than that.  Which means, it's almost impossible to mount so that people walking by will trip the sensor and cause the led to blink.  I mounted one over a door, and I'm 5'10" tall. Even when I stand right in front of it and wave my hands, the sensor won't catch it.It's hard to complain for the price, and coupled with fully functioning video cameras and security system, it serves its purpose.  But I think it may be better to take the batteries out and leave it completely passive.::earthling::3.0::September 16, 2009
R295W1JV1RBIJI::Great Product, Looks real::Great product & looks real. Do not install the batteries for the light - that will make it look fake.::Ryan C. Greene "GCNS Ryan"::5.0::September 14, 2009
R7CBOT4U9F5Q9::you get what you pay for::very cheap , looks ok , probably for a short while  ,, suggest spend a little more and get a better one ,, almost impossible to mount with the cheezy mount bracket and screws supplied , I just used a long screw right thru the edge of the unit , 2 of 5 came with inside broken and none of them had the "camera eye " aiming out the intended slot::charles nash::2.0::December 6, 2010
R3UUN9M01DWY0K::From Texas::Easy to install, noticable at night ( when activated by motion), motion sensor works well. Would and have recommended to many.::J. Smith::4.0::September 6, 2009
R2XSFGWI8E8GZZ::Not bad for what it is.::Received four Dummy Security domes. All four needed to be taken apart to attach the interior part, which were floating. They must have Dummy's putting these things together. Don't be fooled (like me) the cheaper ones don't have a motion detector, the light blinks until turned off or the batteries go dead. This is a real cheap P.O.C. Better then nothing.::Neal Levy "nealski"::3.0::June 16, 2010
R2BKK4L7MFMWC6::Should have known better.::I was looking to place a dummy dome camera in the ceiling of our shop where we do not have one hooked up yet.  The pictures on Amazon (of this dummy dome camera) looked pretty good... but wait.  The actual thing wouldn't fool a blind man.  It might as well have a "flashing red LED" that says "FAKE".I feel pretty stupid about this,  I should have known that if the price was "cheap", the end product WOULD BE CHEAP.  When it comes to security, there is no substitute for the real thing.::Robin::1.0::July 10, 2010
R3B9529V8J3SFH::Don't bother::Right out of the box this item was a piece of junk. Of the four different items I ordered, only this one did not meet expectations and was immediately thrown away. The back plastic plate was cracked. The "camera" and light assembly was floating around in the clear bubble because it was no longer seated in it's correct position. The light would not engage when batteries were installed so before I threw it away, I took it apart to see why. The wires the gauge size of a hair had either broken away from their solder or had never been soldered in the first place.Although I only bought this to be one more thing that someone had to look at and decide whether is was real or fake and I realize that this was merely a decoy that might add a few seconds to someone's  car theft decision making process, I do expect something to be in working order as advertised when I buy the product...no matter what the item is.::Amazon Rookie::1.0::May 8, 2010
RJ49AF160KYRI::motion sensor review::I read all the reviews of this type of item before purchasing and decided to try it anyway.  Some said the motion sensor did not work, and that was my initial experience, but then found it does work in dim light or the dark, but not in bright light.  Otherwise, it looks good and hope it will do its job.  I purchased two, very inexpensively, but the shipping charge seemed high and turned out to be 3 times what the seller actually spent on shipping.  Oh well.::Kathy::3.0::October 23, 2010
R2OKDA6XAA9FB6::For the price, you can't beat it::Was having an issue with delivered packages being swiped from our doorstep. This has done the trick. For the price I can't complain too much. The motion detector light really does work. Installation was quite easy if your surface is softer (or if you have a drill for hard woods, etc.). I only wish the product had a completely opaque dome with the motion detection light elsewhere (so people on approach would not necessarily know which direction the "camera" was pointed).::M. W.::4.0::April 13, 2010
R3U326COGK5LD1::AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE::The product itself was a worthless piece of junk. The Company was amazing with customer service. I have never had any company be so customer service oriented before. I ordered two dome camera's and one arrived broken - not from the shipping, just poor product. The company immediately sent out a new one with out even having me send the broken one back. When the new dome camera arrived, it too was broken. The company reimbursed me for my entire order. No questions asked. They are an amazing company and I would just them over and over again!  THANK YOU!!!!!::Julienne Parker "wakeboardinggirl"::2.0::October 11, 2009
R22C0XKWILOPE1::Realistic and a good price::Others have written about how some of the fake cameras look fake, well this one looks just like the real one even when examined up close.  Most of the dome can not be seen thru but just like the real ones, there is a clear opening where you can see what looks like a camera lens inside the dome.  VERY realisitic!  The only reason it did not rate 5 stars is that a paper template  is needed so you can install the mounting screws in the right place.  The screws have to be installed first then you fit the dome with the slots on the bottom over the screws and twist to tighten.  Getting the screws perfectly aligned is difficult without a template,  Suggest you make one prior to drilling any holes::Jim::4.0::October 22, 2013
R1XJT5TBKGRKTP::Not as advertised::Put the batteries in and all it does is flash on and off.  The on off switch and motion detecter does nothing.::chc::1.0::December 22, 2011
R1T2WZK2DFVBL5::GOOD FOOLERY FOR THE $ with a little extra effort::This is totally plastic, no glass, so we clear coated it to protect it before hanging. The batteries are on the backside so do not put it up so high you have to climb like a monkey every time the batteries wear out. Keep that in mind. We placed it on a post off the upstairs deck so we can reach it easily from above. We also added black metallic paint around the rim as the black plastic looks hokey--with some paper and masking tape it t0ok 5 minutes to spray it, 20 to dry. Be sure and get the enamel paint spray for PLASTIC or it'll just peel off. NOW it looks official too. Look at REAL ones in your neighborhood or online and copy that look, even if you need a decal for a security company underneath it. Look up LOCAL security companies because burgulars know fake ones and they know fake 'names'. Change the logo a bit after you swipe it from the webpage and its ok. We shrank it down, placed it underneath with regular wood glue, and then clear coat sprayed over it. It has been there a while and looks quite official. So with a little creative effort, you CAN fool the bad guys.::truestar "a"::4.0::January 6, 2013
R3AX84LYF4O51W::Cheaply made but it works.::Product is very cheaply made. Had to solder the wires back on as they came off when opening to mount on ceiling. Does have a realistic look once it's up. For the price, what the hey!::Viper14094::3.0::January 7, 2012
R1VIA9IH0GNPJE::motion detection needs work::The motion detection doesn't work (led doesn't flash) unless the subject is within 1 ft of the dome. Thus this is useless in most situation.::James.T::2.0::January 3, 2012
R1W483J0X4Y3B8::Does the job.::It feels cheap but if you put it up high where a person cannot see the device up close...I feel it will do the job and keep people on their toes and away from whatever you are guarding. The red light turns on when you push down on the dome and turns off when you push down again. It does not come with batteries so you will have to supply those yourselves. Overall I think that this was worth the couple of dollars I spent to provide a small layer of security.::Atech::4.0::December 2, 2011
R1E1QZWUXOGFKB::Dollar product::Without the batteries installed this does have a real look to it.  I can tell you that I'm disappointed at the cost, this is something that probably should be on the shelf at the dollar store.  I ordered 4 of these as a gag for work.  They all shipped together in the same box, but one was so damaged it was trash immediately out of the box.As a gag, it worked and has been enjoyable.  Now that I've had it and have seen how cheeply made it is, it's way over priced but still the cheapest one of Amazon.::sparkynum1::2.0::July 22, 2010
R16FROEGES65PM::Real enough look, with simple flashing LED::Product I received looks very similar to the picture shown in current description.  Black base has 4-1/2 inch diameter, total base/dome height is 3 inches.  All-plastic construction, with small simulated camera lens and nearby red-flashing 'activation' LED.  Black inner dome, shields back of 'camera' from view.  Aim is fixed at about a 45 degree angle, so need to point in the general direction when hanging.  Base has 2 opposing screw-slots to mount on wall/ceiling with a slight twist, so proper aiming takes a bit of planning (2 screws and optional plastic-anchors are included).Unlike the description photo, my red LED is located on the base-side of the camera lens (instead of top-of-dome side as pictured).  Dome is spring-loaded and can be pushed slightly into base.  The product box mentions an ON/OFF switch here, but no switch exists.  The motion-sensor mentioned behind the camera lens, also does not exist.  When 2 AA batteries are installed, the red LED flashes steadily at a rate of about 1 second ON, 1 second OFF.  Removing the base-plate shows 2-wires going from the battery compartment to the flashing LED, that's it for internal circuitry.For the $4 price, I think it has a good appearance.  The flashing light gives added realism in a lit area, while drawing attention in a dark area.  With 24/7 flashing, I'll have to see how long a pair of batteries lasts before deciding whether this feature is actually worth using.  The batteries are in the base, so the unit must be removed from the wall to replace the batteries.::JeffH of MN::4.0::February 16, 2014
R2P2U75VSZKXYB::Looks just like ones I see in local businesses::I chose not to put batteries in it because how many real security cameras do you see with red flashing LED's? Looks real at a distance. I ran a short piece of coax from it through the wall. It is located right next to a motion light. Looks exactly like the one in the description.::R. Devinney::4.0::April 18, 2013
R3PHCNDI0ZKFHD::GREAT AND NO ADT::2 AA BATERIES .PUSH IT ON AND FEEL SECUE.JUST HOPE THE BURGLAR DOESN'T HAVE THE SAME MODLE YOU GOT.I GUESS IF A BLINING RED LIGHT CAN STOP A HOME INVASION,BUY THIS PRODUCT.::Glenn F. Scheuermann "GLENN SCHEUERMANN"::5.0::December 10, 2011
R9UJ3XWFWWGQ9::Very Fragile::This plastic unit is very fragile and is made to be installed only with the utmost of care as the plastic is thin, brittle and breaks very easily. It is a good idea, but needs to be made of stronger,more robust plastic than it is. Mine broke upon installation. I ended up taping it together as I couldn't glue the plastic back in place.::Charles K. Bird "rside48"::3.0::December 2, 2011
RY15ITMC8GCXI::Good Fake Out::This device is a good piece of euipment. I had a problem with someone tampering with my Car. I placed the Fake Camera on the dash in the rear windshield. I have not had another issue with my Car being tampered with. My only ctiticism is that, up close this device looks and feels cheap. If it was in a location where a potential thief/vandal could see it better, I don't believe it would fool anyone. So, my advice is to use it only where people can not get close to it. From a distance or at a glance it looks real. I like it!::Bulletman::4.0::November 17, 2011
R3LDHERZJ9J8F7::Blinky - Flashes  - For a Month::Bought two.  Looks like real 'dome' type security camera.  Not overly obtrusive or in-your-face with the looks; but bad guys know what this is.  It's got a built-in toggle switch to turn ON or OFF the blinky light.  Push dome for ON / Push Dome for OFF. Batteries only last about a month when ON all the time.  That's OK.  I just wanted the 'presence' of what appears to be security camera.  For the price: Mission Accomplished.::ArizonaMountainGuy::4.0::September 16, 2011
R6UPMYJWA4VIP::Indoor use only::Plastic construction with a black finish which is sub par at best, but for a price this good it can't be beat. I installed one outside and and one on the inside; the one outside fogged almost immediately after the first rain shower, and now I can not get that residual water droplet inside the dome to escape. That is why I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars. Overall, I would recommend this product for indoor use only.::Product Tester::4.0::September 4, 2011
R3234YFZGHEPN4::You can't go wrong for the money::A very nice device with lots of features. I particularly liked the motion detector, which works well. Also, the unit can be turned on and off to save battery life by simply "pushing" the top. You cannot go wrong for the price and the bad guys won't be able to tell the difference!::Tech-Guru::5.0::May 28, 2011
RE39BR86VANJG::They serve the purpose::We installed these temporarily until our security system is installed.  I bought three, and only one worked for the blinking light.  They definitely appear to be real though.::Jwoz::3.0::February 4, 2011
R1KXOIB8HPN046::realistic dome camera::received product and camera sensor was not able to be seen through the black shroud. Had to dissasemble product out of the box move things around and put back together. Poor attention to detail on the maufacturing side. Once put back together product worked well. Looks like a real camera.::fyrfytr380::2.0::December 29, 2010
R2X1L9OY083GOQ::OK::I ordered this for my daughter home because she was robbed in November we think it was kids so hopefully this will fool them but I doubt it would fool a professional.::banker::3.0::December 13, 2010
R2HXFY1LDOJHQN::Security Camera::Better than I thought it would be, pushing the lens in turns the unit off or on, service from Ultimate Gift & Novelties was fast, if it last a few years or more then it will be a deal, so far 5 stars.::Irish "Ray"::5.0::July 24, 2009
R2MFGPPOOWJNYF::Look OK, But Build Quality is Very Poor::I ordered three of these cameras, two of the three arrived broken.  One was completely unusable.  They are constructed of very cheap plastic and the inside parts appear to be poorly secured.  In addition, they have flimsy mounts (mounted on two screws).  In my opinion, these aren't something you can place outside or any place that they can be easily looked at closely.  It is fairly easy to tell they are fake given the poor construction.  Save your money.::D. Bass::2.0::September 26, 2010
R2KA71RTYUW39I::You get what you pay for!::Do Not drop this product!!!!  I bought 3 units for my daughter and dropped 2 in the process of installation.  (Shape and size makes them hard to hold onto.) Anyway, they broke to smitherines.  They do look real, but make certain to place them high where the perp cannot look at them closely or he/she will see they are fake.  Worth the money if you don't have butterfingers.::Gary R. Hughes "Rog47"::2.0::April 9, 2010
R28N4M092H7LFE::cheap, not sure who it would fool::You put batteries in this and stick it somewhere to convince someone you're monitoring an area. If it's far enough away, the red light might fool someone. I had to use that two-sided stickum stuff to mount it (easier than a bracket.) It takes 2 double A batteries. So, if you mount it, you have to be able to remove it (Command Strips might be the way to go.)If you need extra "cameras" to spackle around to add security (or if you use this as the decoy and have the real video camera hidden away) it's cheap enough. Just--not great.::Joanna Daneman::3.0::February 26, 2014
R3CZDB6RBO9BXA::Nice decoy::I am only concerned how long the battery's last but these things look reallygood and late at night its easy to see that red flashing light in my driveway to ward off scumbagswho wanna take whats not theirsFYI the light flashes 24/7.....::M. Zaretsky::5.0::September 24, 2013
R113QA4076YL9D::Looks real::Looks real except I can not get the light to blink when it should.  I put it as the base of an overhead light in the garage so it would look like that is where it gets power.  The light will work for an hour or so then nothing.  Really does not bother me as it still looks good and is right above where I have a sign about video cameras being in use.  Bought 2 of them, but have not used the other one yet.::rehabber::4.0::September 7, 2013
R1LY1JRV85MI15::This product can be put into the "junk from China" category - buy something else::I ordered two of theses units and they are so poorly made, only one of them survived the installation.  When applying enough pressure to engage the screws, I could hear the unit coming apart.  There were several cracks and while trying to glue it back together I dropped it and it exploded into a bunch of unusable plastic parts.  I'm good at installing these types of things and repairing broken items, but I didn't even attempt to put this back together.  I'm going to order something that is better constructed.::Alexi Molden::1.0::August 27, 2013
R1ASFSLBXBEW06::Not What You Think...Piece of Junk...But May Be Convincing::Box says "motion detection sensor" and "push dome upward for on and off."  Neither of these features exist.  Took it apart because on-off dome switch did not work.  Inside there is only a red flashing diode light wired directly to the battery.  Once batteries are installed, it flashes non-stop.  No way to turn on or off.  No sensor module.  It is not a real camera made into a dummy as the description says.  Just a cheap piece of plastic.  From a distance it might fool a potential burglar, so I suppose for the few bucks it costs it might be worth it, since burglars are generally not a particularly bright bunch of folks.  Just not what I expected.::Peter Pan "stardust"::1.0::August 24, 2013
R29NKFFOTCRZEW::This is a wonderful item.::This looks so real. It took me about 10 minutes to mount it up on ceiling of our entry way to the front door. I had watched through the front window when people come over before they press the door bell or knock on the door. They just turn around and leave. The little red light blinks as if it was a working camera. I have told many of my friends about this. Some of tham had ordered it and happy with it as well.::Joseph J Bode Jr::5.0::May 25, 2013
R6BGK047CZRVK::Im not using it as intended::I actually bought it to take apart for the dome and outer ring to use on an RC aircraft. It does look much like a real camera.::Paul B. Howard::5.0::February 18, 2013
R3RS9U5YDN9REM::These are great::They work well.  My kids think our basement bar is under 24 hr surveillance.  It's a great deterrent no matter what the use is.::WiseGuy541::5.0::January 31, 2013
R3D57CS95HEK6F::Realistic as they get!!::These give the illusion of a real camera complete with red light flashing. Combined with working cameras, one would not know the difference!::B. Thomas "Tree Buyer"::5.0::January 22, 2012
RR53NWFHFYO2L::Good product::I like this camera it looks real everybody thinks it's realI bought 7 of them and spread it all over the place every-time somebody passes close to it it blinksnice product.....::Reginaldo Felipe Santiago::5.0::January 15, 2012
RIJ1VP1JOHNF::Dummy security camera::A great crime deterent for such a low cost ! Very surprising that for such a low cost it had a flashing light , but very surprising that it is motion sensitive . Well worth the cost !::Kent L Bullard::5.0::December 21, 2011
R153KKMMQO21ZI::good for the prices::These cameras look great. They are exactly as described.If they get there in one piece, mine showed up on-time but one was crushed. Due to them sending them in a bubble envelope. They should ship them in boxes...  But 2 out of 3 ain't bad.::Duane::4.0::October 29, 2011
R4ESAOEY9HV0C::Great Value for the money.::Great value for $5.97.  I'm a school librarian who is in charge of our library book fair. Last several years I've had pens and pencils torn out of wrappers and thrown under cabinets on the other side of the room. The book fair has been opened for two days and have found no wrappers.::Book Man::5.0::October 17, 2011
R1XU9AY78Y37VB::Eh::So I ordered two of these. One works geat. The other one's "eye" was not straight and something is very obviously loose and shaking around. Even though the light dosent work on it, it still does look real though.::Weston::4.0::October 2, 2011
R1FJFW5OXRL65Y::Dome Camera::Looks like a camera.  I rated this lower because it is suppose to be flashing light.  The case and frame are so cheaply made if the blind holes on the back are not perfect when you install you will have trouble.  There is a ball point pen spring to keep tension on the parts that has to be exactly perfect or the light will not flash. Yes... it looks like a real camera if mounted more than 3-6 feet above field of vision but the ablity to get the flashing light to work will drive you maddddddd!  I suspect this product will NOT do well in any exterior install so keep to interior conditions. Worth the few $'s for cost but do not plan on the flashing light to work pass the first battery change in 90 days +or-.::Daisy::2.0::August 19, 2011
R1QUHFC2A4F0FR::3 different packages but they are all good::I ordered 3 and they seem to come from 3 different companies, the screws and plastic screw holders that go into the wall were a little different from each other, but I got them all up with no problem and they seem to look real. Even put batteries in and the lights do come on, not sure the pattern or what makes them work, but with 3 of them along the wall in my trash room, it seems that one always comes on when you are in the area and that gives it that real feel. For the price of less than 5 dollars each, you can't beat these fake cameras. Now if street people who come in looking for recyclables, etc., if they just treat the room with a little more care because they think someone is looking at them, that's all I hope for.  Thanks::markbirn::5.0::August 8, 2011
R1T63965HGJPHI::Cheap, but looks good.::Best buy for the price.  Sure, it is cheap and you get what you expect.  But, it works well and looks fairly realistic.  An inspection from a foot away might look phony, but I don't plan on thieves getting so close.  It is mounted up high on above the front of the house for people to see from the gate.  It is good enough for general use.::Eric the Consumer.::4.0::July 27, 2011
RPQ7S91HL5EOB::Cheap and Easy::For the price you can't go wrong. I have them installed in locations that you can't get too close to so they look pretty convincing. I don't think it would fool the pro's though.::R. Ballantyne::4.0::July 18, 2011
R19IAGTUFYO1H1::so-so::i received this in the mail slightly broken, but nothing i couldn't fix,once i placed it where i wanted it, it looks and works really good! the camera is pretty darn good for the price.::Art::3.0::July 11, 2011
R2FL84444UMFE5::Four days of protection?::The light works as you might expect, attaching to the ceiling, and blinking when you turn it on.  Downside?  The battery is sucked dry in four days of blinking.  Perhaps if it ran off of three AA it would last longer?::Paul Blart::2.0::May 23, 2011
RRHLPJDYFN9F2::Just what I wanted.  Cheap and easy to install.::Yes, I had to take it apart like other viewers said and realign some parts, no problem.  Also, I chose not to use the LED function.  That camera will sit there above my door for years and I have no intention of changing the battery regularly.::Houston Guy::4.0::January 16, 2011
RGLT4LZ3SC2TD::False advertising -- not a modified "actual surveillance camera"::Description falsely states "This is an actual surveillance camera in outdoor housing that has been modified into a "dummy" or fake security camera." There is no actual camera, modified or otherwise -- just a plastic fake lens with a photocell in it (which is one reason why anyone with a clue can tell it's fake). I removed the photocell, won't install a battery, and will hope for the best.::Customer in Oregon::1.0::March 8, 2012
RJWFBSGPAXKNT::Looks good, but broken on arrival::Yeah, this camera looks like the real thing.  Only when mine arrived it was broken in its box.  I have provided 'feedback' to the company.  I'm asking them for a replacement, because I really like the way it would look, if not broken.  I'll report back here on their 'reply' to me about a replacement.::C. Foster "Road Warrior"::1.0::August 4, 2011
R3CJU9CR9PGO31::Could be better::For the price I can not really complain.........but, first off it came with no instructions, your probably wondering why you would even need instructions? Well when I got it I put the batteries in and nothing. I started looking at it and saw a button inside the dome, I unscrewed the bottom pushed the button and it came on. putting it back together I found that the plastic dome when pressed will turn it off and on. Would have been nice to know that before hand because it was not made from very strong plastic and I ended up breaking one of the screw holes. After that I hung it up out in my carport and noticed that the blinking light only comes on when you get about a foot off of the sensor. I ended up buying a motion detecting led light and put it by it. It then would start blinking when the light would come.::Mark Wagner "MW"::3.0::March 27, 2011
R2NQXAFMV5EGPF::Thought quality would be a bit better::I guess it was naive of me to think I would get a good quality replica for this dummy security camera. Really cheaply made of flimsy plastic and I guess it reflects the price. I dont even think I'm installing them because they would have to be 50 ft away to fool anyone. If you are looking for a good replica of a dummy camera this is not it. In fact if you want a couple of these things I have them for you, half price!::ca1::2.0::March 22, 2011
R1DSO17HW4FGDG::Cheap is Cheap::Nothing fancy with this camera. Its about as cheaply made as possible. The dome is not smoked, but clear. The fake camera inside looks cheap and is easily visible. If someone sees the camera and can see the direction its pointing, and they THINK its real, they simply will steal from you out of the camera's eye.Pay more and get smoked domes. Then at least they can't see the camera inside and will be less likely to challenge its ability to 'see' you.BTW, the return costs don't warrant a return so I am stuck owning these. I'll put them up so high on the wall (19ft) that people will simply ignore them. Oh well...::J. Moretti "Globetrotter"::2.0::February 18, 2011
R1F3INUNGGZHJ5::This is very misleading.::It appears by the picture that you are receiving 5 domes for a low price of $5.49. In actuality you receive 1 dome for $5.49 + $4.?? for s/h charges. I think the picture misrepresents the product that you are purchasing. I feel deceived.::K. Patten::1.0::April 8, 2009
RSSFP7U1FI4AE::Love it, Love it.::My Daughter just out.She has had some question on her security since she is no longer under her parents roof in safe arms.This small inexpensive device resembles an active security camera so well.  It has received comments from neighbors and US Postal workers alike.I have seen similar faux cameras for up $20 a piece.The flashing red led, can been seen very clearly and is a good deterrent to any one with bad intent.However this is followed up with a real security system.  You can't fool everyone.::eWisdom::5.0::August 17, 2011
R8ZRTWKRLJ2DA::Love it,this is what I wanted::This is where the fake camera comes in: Rather than buy a gun or 2 along with a 6- foot fence with barbed wire or take some kind of militant stand here, I decided on a different approach. I had no idea what Heather E. and family might do next to escalate things so a fake camera was the PERFECT solution. Once installed, Heather E. instantly went on Facebook complaining about my cameras and even remarked that they were "illegal" and "he doesn't have permission to film my house!" Clearly Heather E. doesn't know the law. :) LoL::beaudr::5.0::May 20, 2014
R1X7QNPLKGX09D::Can't beat the effect::This does exactly what the product details say it does.  It is a little fragile, but our's has worked well for two years in an odd spot that needs coverage.  Batteries (2 AA) last about two weeks.::Pix Doc::5.0::May 16, 2014
R347BUZE7KXQOH::Johnson O.::This dummy camera meet more than my expectations. It works like Majik. I do not have to worry about the bad guys of the neighborhood hanging around my house when I ,m away. The red blinkers powered by battery makes the dummy cam even more outstanding and intimidating.Con: should have come with a manufacturer,s battery with prolonged life,say 6 month or more. I use duracell battery with the cam and I have to have them replace every 3 /4 weeks.Tips:For max security and benefits I advise dummy cam users to maintain absolute secrecy about it. Simply, do not tell folks out there it,s just a dummy. Not even friends and family member.::johnson  oghene::4.0::May 14, 2014
R2GUOMNDU9R1FZ::DOES NOT FUNCTION::The red light blinks ALL the time. The motion sensor does not work. This will not do for me. The batteries will wear out in a heart beat.No thank-you. It says "motion sensor" but be aware : all 5 of my motion sensors did not work and the red light blinks continuously. Will look for others.::Blessed::2.0::May 1, 2014
R2XSLR8MDKKG1H::Theft has gone way down in my wife thrift store!!!::These cameras work great! Batteries have lasted an average of 4 months. I installed them in my wife thrift store. The customers have assumed that they are real. Theft has been reduced tremendously::James H. Solmon::5.0::April 27, 2014
R10Z2R4178DVRN::Camera::Posted to the back yard and it looks good. Lets the neighbors know there is some security in the area.::Deno::4.0::April 26, 2014
R359QAPV685QH8::Works::Catches everyone's attention and mine and neighbors cars have not been touched since installing. Only drawback it battery life is too short::James Blaney::4.0::April 19, 2014
RY1CUNHPQ0YAP::Arrived broken.::Quite realistic in appearance, but useful only as paperweight right now.. Will see if replacing is easily obtained. Priced okay. More to bhe reported later.::Rob::1.0::April 15, 2014
RV8WJN6I9K7NT::Excellent product::Beutifull product very ficcional and have a good price respect You Quality I recomen this product for all kind of people::Fernando Ramirez::5.0::April 13, 2014
R3A7SJV2X288YB::very useful::a little expensive, should be cheaperthere should have more fake nfrared probe,then is could be more vividi like it::Yong Tian::3.0::April 8, 2014
R196RIVR8K3B9M::SECURITY::LOVE THIS PRODUCT AND EASY TO INSTALL.  FEEL BETTER WHEN I LEAVE HOME AND HOPE IT DETERS SOMEONE FROM BREAKING IN.::stormy::5.0::April 7, 2014
R3QGQTG2CHZCX5::great deterent for petty crime::Looks like the real thing great battery life tooHave to put it in a conspicuous place so people know its there::David Curtiss::5.0::April 7, 2014
R1ZQ373IHV8OH1::good buy::Just the feeling of a device to warn crooks is better than nothing. I think these are a good idea.::Nikki R "nikki media maven"::5.0::April 6, 2014
R9AIRXCQEF6FR::product sub-standard::this product falled apart when i received it, the lights didnt work and the inside of it was loose,i woulnd not recommend this this unit to anyone::IAN OUTAR::2.0::April 4, 2014
RG2JFUC5PC2NH::Do not waste your money on these::Arguably there are "real" dome cameras that come with ans without the flashing LED, so I can understand why some people just want to mount without the batteries. Here's the thing though...for an area with high visibility (i.e. good lighting) I'd recommend these without the batteries installed...on their own they're quite convincing as a deterrent.That said however, if the area you intend to mount these are not (usually) well lit, like a garage or parking area for example; then the only way these are visible is because of the blinking LED and that's where the motion sensors in these fake cameras fail miserably. The LED although clearly visible up to sixteen feet away, won't start blinking until the detector picks up motion to close the circuit when you're a foot away.Short version...if you're in the market for dummy dome cameras, don't buy these smart ones with the motion sensor or the annoying dome switch, right here on the site you can get ones without the motion sensor that constantly blink...allowing you the choice of putting in batteries or not based on the lighting level and application.::J. Walker "Sean"::1.0::March 29, 2014
R2SVWSENG64PIA::Dummy security camera::I really enjoy this product. I know it's a dummy security camera, but I just can't believe how real it looks. My grandson said to me they have camera's like that at his school. So, if someone is casing the house, they'll see it and it should make them think twice.::Dru::5.0::March 20, 2014
RGE2FA34402V9::sweet::this was a great buy and really helped with local punks.. they dont walk by the house anymore.  scared lil men they are now::jared m kleczka::5.0::March 4, 2014
R2ETTNRN3AXVUD::PLEASE ORDER THIS PRODUCT::it came in a week or so and i love it. this is the bomb. it really blinks and i have tricked a few friends. this is a very good product and at a very low good price::Adam Lowdermilk::5.0::February 26, 2014
R3HFW1FEX8AGIW::Very convincing look, easy to install, cord makes it look real.::The first battery is still working fine after 4 months, and it looks great.  We have a real but low profile security system, but a few of these make a better deterant than an alarm afterward.  Avoid trouble rather than hear an alarm AFTER it happens!  Good quality.::Danny Langford::4.0::February 21, 2014
R15HUJV5LMIKRN::Cheap::I just thought this was going to be a lot cooler and real looking. It looks cheap and I would never be afraid of it walking up to someone's house.::Jordan Wagner::1.0::February 16, 2014
RVSGCGCPS6BNM::I admittedly have a slightly twisted sence of humor.::We have a cabin in the North Woods. It has an outhouse. In it is a sign that reads "For your protection, and our personal viewing pleasure, this facility is electronically monitored 24 hrs. a day, 7 days a week".This little gem is mounted just above the sign.::Jim "-The Pro Handyman-"::5.0::January 27, 2014
R9IHQ8L4MQ9PJ::Works like it's supposed too and very real looking.::I didn't know what to expect by reading all the reviews. I figured I had a 50/50 chance at getting a decent item that functioned. I mean for 5.00 what can you expect - right?  It arrived and I was impressed at how real it looks and functions so I ordered 2 more. One for my daughters business and another one for the rear of my home. I'm a firm believer in "an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure".::Otto "BigenoughAl"::5.0::January 13, 2014
RBZ5KGNFP2L9F::Does the job::Easy to install, does look a bit fake if your ceilings are low and if you don't have a solid surface to screw into, we have drop ceiling panels. If you already have the real set up of this type of system then theses would be perfect. We have another system in use as well. However we used the cheap dollar batteries and their still blinking. So replacement of batteries are seldom and seem to last a while. Seems to have done the job of discouraging some theft but thieves are always among us no matter how many cameras are in place, fake or not. However perhaps the more the better.::Rochelle::3.0::January 9, 2014
R3K3MIU0K9YQTX::Look real, has convienced lots of folks::Made to look real, the new battery I put in it did not last long at all.  May have just been the battery; looks okay without the red lite.::Susan K. Smith "Susan Smith"::5.0::January 2, 2014
R39T1B9VZWCFD9::didnt really like product::you cant even see the red light  unless your right up on it,the picture cleary shows the red light bright.::steve::2.0::December 12, 2013
R87XS0HXQ2RSX::Very Real Looking::Got this on a whim for a practical jock at work. Was Too Real Looking!  Attached it to the ceiling in my office and when people noticed it the "excitement" almost got out of control. Had to take it down and own up to the prank. The motion activated red light added greatly to the perception it is a real surveillance camera.  No better recommendation than that.::Hcantwell::4.0::December 9, 2013
R1OS1PAR753XK0::trick more productivity out of your employees::get more out of your employees with this fake security camera. for that lazy employee that surfs facebook all day, this fake babysitter does the trick::Jennifer Feder::5.0::December 9, 2013
RD9QEUJ397NHG::Waste of Money::Rubbish!  Very small, and blinks continuously once the battery is installed.  Very very low quality so don't waste you money!::40sguy::1.0::December 3, 2013
R11GEAJ1Y0VITF::very real looking::I highly recomend and the price is great ,very real looking , gets there attention and fits in with the real ones.::dell hicks::5.0::November 25, 2013
R1HEJBMOGY79I3::Broken/defective item..::Would not work when I received it.  Opened unit and found a wire that hadn't been soldered.  Repair the unit my self and notified the supplier of the problem.  They offered to replace the item if I would send it back in.........it just wasn't worth my time but I will order elsewhere next time.::Robert E Clark::1.0::November 15, 2013
R1TT8K0X3T4EBJ::Very good for the price::Installed in a good position and a certain height, the view can easily mislead.Very good for the price.Easy to install.::Germn::5.0::November 11, 2013
R1BQE0E3ZRRA02::Smile - You're on camera (Not Really)::Looks good for a fake, it's light plastic, not sure how it would hold up to the outside elements over time.But for right now it works, good deterrent for the price.::Pfunk::4.0::November 5, 2013
R2O02JIVKN5F6Y::Piece of junk::These are a piece of junk. Do not buy them. They look and feel cheap. I would have returned them but had accidentally thrown out all the return materials,::Mr C::1.0::November 2, 2013
R2I40DH2L4ZREB::Broke first time we removed battery cover::The battery cover broke the firs time I tried to remove it.  And it will not go OFF unless you remove the batteries.::Indykris::1.0::October 31, 2013
R27K069953ZQBU::Good price for a basic deterrent.::What I liked about this dummy camera is the design.  I placed it above my front door, and it looks like an advanced doorbell/security system. The camera looks similar to a design that was in a commercial for a national security service. Battery doesn't last long, light flashes every few seconds. I just stopped changing the battery after a while. The unit still serves its purpose for me without the blinking red light. Would buy again.I paired this "better than nothing" system up with a different camera for my back yard. This type looks like a camera that can tilt/pan, and very realistic as well:UniquExceptional UDC6 Outdoor Dome Fake Security Camera with BLINKING LIGHT::digichris::4.0::October 30, 2013
R1N2J6AW8EYKDU::Just Junk::I got exactly what I paid for-----  fell apart  as I opened the package.  I could not recommend it to anyone::john bellinghausen::1.0::October 29, 2013
RXBOMDV0T35VD::Great dummy camera::Awesome.  As advertised Fast shipping. This camera keeps my employees in line and prevent theft from shoplifters. I would recommend this to anyone.::Atari Mcconnehead::5.0::October 26, 2013
R2IZSMR2CQ1VJB::Very good product::This product actually works great it does the job. Looks okay for what it's meant to do. Thinking of buying a few more.::Valorie D.::5.0::October 21, 2013
R1EMODOT850693::Get what you pay for::So it is definitely a cheaply made product.From a distance, its passable as being real.Up close, doesn't look real.Didn't bother installing batteries to try LED as I've never seen a real security camera dome with a LED light thats visible.Doubt it really has any kind of motion sensor.I wouldn't not place anywhere in direct sunlight or weather as I'm sure the plastic would deteriorate quickly.It's not going to fool a pro burglar but it might deter amateurs.::C. Stinnett "Brain Scanner by Day, MMA Watche...::3.0::October 12, 2013
R38BV9JGZEIKIT::thought we would try it to see if it helps avoid criminals::we want it to work besides of home alarm by a company like the red light goes on when you walk near it.::Mary Ann Mccallon::4.0::October 2, 2013
R1BNTZ9HK33KBI::super dummy::it looks good and like the real thing it is a real reterent  for the crooks out there,smile for the camera::bandit::5.0::October 2, 2013
R1KB7PS8GIIOMQ::Perfect::I put four of these on My home I did not put battery's in them because I have never seen blinking red lights in the ones in a store .These are a great deterrents .Easy to install::Challenger R/T::5.0::October 2, 2013
R3NUCSHO13EPU8::Doubly Disappointing::Both of my new, 9/11/2013, units neither push on/off nor sense motion . They are simply always on. This is doubly disappointing. I suggest that Amazon "review" their relationship with this vendor.::Jon Curwen::2.0::September 12, 2013
R21CUQ7OFORJBC::Cheap deterrent but there are better ones::Item looks real at a distance, Light flashes. 2 Mounting holes are on base of unit which makes it very tricky to get a snug install::Roots Souljah::3.0::August 30, 2013
R1073JTOFC5QNZ::Bad Design & Battery Eater::Yes, it is cheap, but, it is worth zero to me.  It totally drains the 2 AA batteries in 3 months; this is not a cost factor to me, but, it too time consuming changing batteries, and, if I forget, it is not a deterrent.Also, the physical design is not good.  The flashing red LED is located where it can only be seen from narrow viewing angles.  It is designed to intentionally make visible the fake camera.  An observer can see the fake camera and exactly the direction it is aimed.It would be a much better design if (1) the fake camera was not there and an intruder could not see into the dome at all, (2) the flashing red LED was located in the center where it can be seen in all directions, (3) use a more efficient flashing red LED, so, the batteries will last longer and (4) fit 2 D size batteries inside the dome; the D size last 8 times longer than the AA size and cost only 3 time more.(The flashing red LED is the only part of the system that uses the batteries.  The electronic parts consist of 2 AA batteries, an on-and-off switch, 2 small wires, and, a flashing red LED.)::Albert Jackson "Engineer"::1.0::August 27, 2013
R331W4G798A5KK::Well, look fine.::A little bit small than I was expecting...but works for the price. I must confess I still need to install it but it will work just for the mock.::Guillermo Chan::3.0::August 14, 2013
R16VBMXP9X1FAJ::Junk::This dummy light worked about one minute.  The unit would not stay where put and the light worked just a few times.::Firemanbutch::1.0::August 12, 2013
R1G9QC7BSWY931::Well Done::Def adds an element of security if you cant afford or dont have the ability to install a real system. Red flashing light is always on with batteris and even without it would make a evil doer think twice about entering the establishment.::DC::5.0::July 31, 2013
R3GS9JCU08VW2T::dummy dummy::Although advertised with a motion sensor (even on the box), the wires from the batteries go straight to the LED. It has springs, but they don't turn it on as off as suggested either. Based on the real specs, it is very overpriced::Stephen Hodges "Tool man"::3.0::July 31, 2013
RYKC5B90PGYVE::Looks cheap::It's a ok product, i mean, probably deters some burglars, probably don't. It says that has a motion detector, but it doesn't work.::jose::3.0::July 28, 2013
R22TL87AIU7NIF::Simple and effective::They work as advertised and they do what they are supposed to do. So real and works well. Thanks you::Samer Mahdi "Douri"::5.0::July 27, 2013
R3QE0L71ZCGN8::cheap is cheap::Very poor quality even for dummies. Very cheaply made and looks very fake like a toy from a cracker jack box!::Holly Heaven::1.0::July 17, 2013
R6VJP1I3GBD5Y::Worked as expected::We were having trouble with a problem neighbor. It came as expected was easy to mount, the motion sensor gives it an authentic look. The neighbor stopped leaving trash. Works pretty well for me!::Ray-Lee::5.0::July 17, 2013
R1GFH7XRLO2202::Keeps 'em guessing - and NOT trying to get in !::I've put up 3 of these under the overhangs of my house.  One near the front door, carport door and another on the corner FACING the rental house next door where there were often "thugs" hanging around. (this tenant  seemed visably worried and tried to discourage me from installing it!) To make them seem REAL, I made a small hole in the 'ceiling' and put a wire into it leaving it hanging down for a while before putting up the dummy cam (while they weren't home next door).  In the carport, I also put a 2" piece of wire so it stuck-out like a u shape to make it look like a sloppy installation job (ie a REAL cam!)  Since then I've had no more brazen intrusions from strangers in "da hood"  ( however I would like to replace with the "outdoor" type-white base in future)::DucaN::4.0::July 16, 2013
R2R4UWTC5X837S::Excellent alternative to $$$ real one.::I considered buying a real dvr surveillance system, $500.00 just for a good system but all I wanted to do was create a deterrence. These little dummy cameras get the job done for little cost. VERY easy to install.  Highly recommend.::David C. Thomas::5.0::July 13, 2013
R1DPAOE57VTV1G::Ineffective::The motion sensor is not sentiment enough and will not detect movement if you are more than 3 ft away. Very limiting and almost useless.::svend lee::2.0::July 12, 2013
R1VFIIEI87PPZ7::Cheaply made but you get what you pay for.::Looks convincing.  The battery door on mine broke.  I just put tape over it.  I put it in the front of my house - tucked it under my garage door frame.  Looks convincing.  Just another layer of security to the house in today's world.::Finn Comfort Fan::3.0::July 4, 2013
R3LT9RQOWY9PAB::if its cheep it wont work right.::Again cheaply made ,crackes in few weeks if installed were it will be exposed to sun .Batteries last even less time do to the heat and humidity outside.::Mrs. Zima "zima"::1.0::June 30, 2013
R2ETHI48T9O4QU::... so so...::You get what you pay for with these....  We ordered a couple of them and half arrived broken (plastic that screws holding the camera together was cracked so that the screws could not grip anything and plastic holding the camera lense peace onto the rest of the camera was broken too) in their packaging.  The ones that were not broken work well as a theft deterrent when mounted in an inconspicuous place.  I would buy these again but receiving the broken ones is a real bummer... so kind of a gamble...::CDay "CDay"::3.0::June 18, 2013
RZKUVVJG10QJ0::right price::for the price this product is exactly what I was looking for, it has the real look, without the real price.::dead2me::5.0::June 17, 2013
R1KV464QZM1OBQ::Can fool a fool::Recieved on time. LED works. Looks real. Push dome to activate LED. This is worth the money. Will install this high outside without LED.::Roger M::5.0::June 14, 2013
REK7XQKYIZ88H::You will love it::You can not believe how good and almost like a real this dummy camera all what you need that you put it up and forget it.::David Aziz::5.0::June 13, 2013
R4CG6B5HHDL4Q::looks real::I recommend this product to anyone.it worked fine.It  looks real.cant tell its fake.cant beat that price.::cesar baltodano::4.0::June 13, 2013
R24TJRWZPSOXH7::Order from Shigada.  BROKEN.::The battery door would not close, and the dome is covered in scratches.  It is obviously well used.  Not bothering to return because of the low price.It is very possible this was fulfilled by Amazon on behalf of Shigada, so I did not give them a bad seller review.::Dana Houston "Daynna"::3.0::June 10, 2013
R155UG03UZY5E5::they are OK::After reading the reviews, I didn't expect them to be anything exceptional, and what can one expect for less than $5.One didn't flash upon arrival, but I got it to work eventually.  They are cheap plastic and will break easily while installingthem.  However, they do look realistic enough to fool someone.::Rod::3.0::June 8, 2013
R18QB2W9TSPJ7Y::I expected a bit more::this wouldn't fool a experienced criminal in my opinion.  Maybe I'll put some circut board or a broke camera inside to add to the look.  I wouldn't pay more than 99 cents for this plastic toy.::Mr. Simmons::2.0::May 23, 2013
RCO9645P49UJ6::Works As Expected::Can not go wrong for the price. Product was under an open air Pole Barn where it would often get wet...kept on flashing!::BAT LIFE::4.0::May 18, 2013
R3BH2GNA4UMOEF::Has everyone fooled::I have real cameras around my house, but wanted to place a dummy camera on the side entrance of my garage where I'm missing a real camera.  This camera comes with a template that is easy for you to follow in order for you to screw it onto a hard surface.  It even includes drywall anchors if you'd like to put this in sheet rock.One word of advice, I think the blinking LED feature is pointless.  Most real cameras nowadays do not have a blinking light like how they did in the 80's and 90's.This camera looks very real, especially when attached to the ceiling where people can't really tell if it's real or fake.::G Man::5.0::May 16, 2013
R3NOWN4GEPROKT::Looks ver authentic::Doubt anyone would know it from the real thing. One cannot be too careful these days. I am sure any would be would think twice::penwitch::5.0::May 14, 2013
R3FPYGWS4P8HRW::You get what you pay for::This is pretty convincing as ceiling mounted cameras go, was an easy install. It arrived sooner than I expected it to.::Joe::4.0::May 12, 2013
R93MDPSWEW475::AWESOME::we had issues with people who felt FREE to take NON free things.....since this is visual, we haven't lost a thing.::Julie::5.0::May 6, 2013
R3OKM893P8A19J::little R2 D2's look good!!!!!::Yes, when placed on the ceiling of our youthroom in a strip mall,  they look quite authentic.... very pleasedwith the overall effect, especially at night...::Irene M. Swanson "izzyzelko"::5.0::April 29, 2013
R208IE0Y5YW01P::Eats batteries, but does the job::Batteries only last a few months, then you have to get out the step ladder, wiggle and fight with the mounting (two screw heads aligned with two small slots on the back of the unit, none of which you can actually see, so you must go by feel, guess and test, and just wanton frustration).However, the unit does what it says, seems to be snow/water proof (mine are mounted out in the elements in Maine), and the little red LED is quite bright, even in daylight.Of the 5 that I bought, one was dead out of the package, but was promptly replaced for free.  Quality of construction is not high, and I'd recommend careful handling during mounting/demounting.::Bart Hugens::3.0::April 20, 2013
R32EG44QPL57SQ::Kinda Crappy::I purchased about 10 of these. The battery area is crap, and the lights are cheaply made. However, they do look real, and will get the job done. I cannot complain for the price I paid.::joey lascelles::3.0::April 18, 2013
R25XJCZUQR8O4X::Product dose not do it for me::Disappointed in the quality of the product. The first one that I opened, the battery compartment tab was broken. After putting the batteries in the next 5, another tab was broken. I purchased 8 to have 2 on each side of the house and 2 in front and back. Needless to say I was unable to do that. They also came apart and was not able to use them.::Mary Robilotta::2.0::April 14, 2013
R2E6SEWP4MLP3M::VERY GOOD!::NOW  THIS I LIKE! I INTEND TO PUCHASE THREE OR FOUR MORE OF THESE CAMS. THEY'RE EASY TO INSTALL AND THE RED LIGHT IS GREAT!::hpo2222::5.0::March 31, 2013
R167MMZ7XCYX83::Dummy Security Camera::This is a must to go along with the surveillance decals!  I would recommend both to those who are looking for added security...so to speak.::Amazon Customer::5.0::March 27, 2013
R1JB63FCEMM4J2::Works ok.::For the price, the appearance would fool most. The quality isn't the best. 1 of the 4 I purchased didn't work(no red light flashing). As they aren't flashing most of the time, and for the price, I didn't even bother complaining and hassle with getting another one sent and having to send the broken one back. It's an ok buy.::Michelle Rhodes::3.0::March 20, 2013
RINJX5LRGFH2W::Security Cameras::Buy elsewhere.....these are crap!  They work when they want to work & I wouldn't purchase again....  Thanks & inquire more!::Jim::3.0::March 13, 2013
RRY98T992SBHG::Works::I decided to get this camera to deter crime, mostly from teenagers who might be prowling the neighborhood and hoping to frighten them off with a camera. It looks real and the red blinking light works when you push on the dome. A lot of other peoples comments seem to be talking about motion detection but I never expected there to be any motion detection nor is there any motion detection, it is a very simple camera and the light blinks all day if you leave it on. I had no problem installing it with the screws that came with it because it has an outline to help you. I don't know how long the battery will last but I'm hoping it will last at least 2 months::worldaroundme::4.0::March 10, 2013
R1P3J1RF42IU11::This brand works as advertised!::The motion detector feature on THIS fake camera works perfectly.  The built-in red L.E.D. blinks for several seconds, when motion is dectected in front of the camera, and then stops.  The other brand out there under the Mikaki-Japan brand is junk.  The red LED in the Mikaki blinks continuously even though the description "implies" that it is motion dector activated.::John::5.0::March 7, 2013
R2FHLUQZ4GFYQ8::Poor Quality::These dummy cameras are very realistic looking, but cheaply made, bought two of them and because they are made so poorly, broke upon installation.  Items are made of paper thin plastic, and when slightly squeezed and twisted into place as directed, they literally crumble.  The saying is true: "You get what you pay for"!!!  I will be buying two more, but of better quality.::Weguardyou::2.0::March 6, 2013
R2YNPX0I82ZL4I::Neither of the two units I received worked.::It obviously says non functioning camera but it does have an led light and motion sensor that are supposed to make it move, neither one of the two units worked at all.  no led, no movement whatsoever.::Marcel Kalinovic::1.0::February 25, 2013
R2I4EETS7B1S2Q::Dome camera::They work very well.  Still using them now.  No wiring needed.  Just place in the location you want it to be seen.::Bernadette Howard::4.0::February 20, 2013
ROU94Z2N7OPEL::This product works::For thieves who might break into your house and makes them wonder about your home protection. Likely they will just move on. An inexpensive  security action::Benton Grissom::5.0::February 13, 2013
R2MIFU70MM86U2::Does it's job but arrived broken::I wanted a dummy security camera and this fits the bill just fine.  It is advertised as having a motion detector that makes a red light blink.  This feature did not work, but that was fine -- it would only make the unit look like a fake camera, which it is.::Studio City San::2.0::February 9, 2013
RRJ1PJEHMJ5XA::Nice::The product looks exactly as described. The product was extremely easy to install. I am glad I made the purchase::janice::4.0::February 8, 2013
R3P9RRTRJQ0NLP::Safe to say, this won't keep you safe::Even if they were free, it would still be too much. It would be more effective hurling the batteries at any would be intruders.::IBG "IBG"::1.0::February 5, 2013
R1THL6X4AP8Y3P::It fools people. Good.::Many think I have a working system and that is the effect I want until I install a live system. For now it does the job.::O. K. Maharaj::5.0::January 28, 2013
R248I2J2AKSG0Y::dont waste your money::this thing looks ridiculously fake and cheap. i mean, it is ridiculously cheap, but the photos realllllly make it look a lot better than it is.::Justina::1.0::January 23, 2013
R381KTBWN9HJWA::Not a bad product::I would have given this product a much higher rating if they shipping of it was handled in a better way (not in plain view and the label covering all of the instructions) .  I also agree with one of the other customers to ntot have the red blinking led light  as I have seen in the stores do not have a blinking light. Other than that I do feel it would be of some help.::R. J. Ellis::3.0::January 23, 2013
RYDB0FOJM3TGG::Summy Security Camera meets expectations::work ok..  Still testing to see how long the batter powers the blinking light on the camera.  So fare it has gone a moth on its first sen of batteries.  Neil::Neil E Wilson::4.0::January 22, 2013
R2IF7Y7SYA34XN::No real comment::I guess it is ok.  Thank God we haven't had a reason to test it!  Can't really recommend it one way or another!::Dee::3.0::January 20, 2013
R32O96TX5EGYCQ::Great "security" investment::It's a dummy camera.  It looks real.  If you need to ramp up the essence of security on your property, these are no brainers.  For less than ten bucks you add a layer of deterrence and it seems to do a good job at keeping idiots away.  The blinking red light is powered by one AA battery, which has lasted 4 months (so far) on my cameras.::Eric B. Garrison::5.0::January 7, 2013
RQRS3KEVT8HEK::Looks very real!::I can tell that my neighbor is being careful outside my garage after installing this dummy camera.If you don't want to spend so much money but still would like to scare bad people, this camera is way to go.::H. Ahn "James Ahn"::5.0::January 5, 2013
R2KFIK9U4XBTOV::DummySecurity Camary dome Shape 1 red flashing::Looks as a shown. Red flashing light working. On flat surface, push dome down toward base to start flashing, press down again to stop it.::dmckenz1::5.0::December 31, 2012
RIGW0590CCRKU::Good product::It's exactly what I wanted.  Looks good and easy to install.  I found the plastic to be a bit fragile.::Jason::4.0::December 30, 2012
R3MLJ9RFM2LZLY::garte fake!::we have used one to help deture criminal action at the time we used to live where there was more crime, really helped out well !::California::5.0::December 29, 2012
ROPBLEAHSYVHV::work great::these things are very light so u cant mount them to vinyl they work great and look very real the only thing i would change is make the glass smoke colored::BIG HORSE "has spoken"::5.0::December 22, 2012
R8NRZBNSKF941::Good fakes but do the job::From a distance nobody can tell these are fakes or would even know they are cheap.  They do provide some laughter when you read the packaging.  Someone in China didn't know how to spell a lot of the words on the box.  Would make good material for Jay Leno's Headlines.But hey, these do what they are intended to do, fool people into thinking they are real cameras... after all nobody is going to be within touching distance to notice they are not real.::O. Resto::4.0::December 17, 2012
R18IRJES8CJ7UT::Looks good::Made well and easy to hang up..red light is nice but not needed makes it look fake when turned on looks better off.can't beat this for the price unless you have money for the real deal..::manny::5.0::December 12, 2012
R2JW4RY04H2UOA::Better than advertised::Got these, put in batts, and they are still blinking a month later. They look real. They turn on by tapping them like a tap light. I should buy more.::M. Style::5.0::December 9, 2012
R3ACQ4U8TOI8Z::Scare away burglars::My downstairs neighbor had some problems with vandals and attempted break-in so I bought this little fake camera to deter and burglars. I also cut a little piece of wiring and taped it to the bottom of the camera and ran the wiring into the siding on my house so that it looks more official, like a real security camera. I would like to note that the item is a lot larger than it looks in the picture, it actually has a diameter of about 5-6 inches, so be ware that it is quite large (actually an advantage in my opinion because then it is more noticeable, which is the point of buying a fake security camera). The only reason that I gave 3/5 stars is that the blinking red light never worked from day one. I have read other reviews that say the same thing, so beware if you are looking to buy this for the blinking red light feature. Otherwise, it is a great deterrent and would have received 5/5 stars if the red light worked as advertised.::Jason::3.0::November 30, 2012
R280W6CL4R9CRO::smart buy::love this.  i had so many people coming in and thinking that i had installed a high end security system::Adam Geiger::5.0::November 23, 2012
R29UTS1TSTE0KI::very realistic::The Dummy dome camera with flashing red light looks very realistic, and is highly visible. A very inexpensive and effective deterrent. The only drawback is the problematic battery exchange. You have to take the device apart, and unscrew it from the wall, to get to the battery compartment.::kouaka::3.0::November 18, 2012
R2VH3BLYJLWKCS::Ceiling mount::I would think that being ceiling mounted, that the blinking light would be visible from all directions.  The light is visible from only one side.I wished I would have known this prior to purchasing.::Deek::3.0::November 11, 2012
R1XPEW97VG2063::our they real or not ! (lol)::Yes these are great dummies for indoor use ,even out on your porch, number  one they are motion detected in other words the have  cue lights that start blinking when you walk up on them with any movement, also for the kids or that babysitter or home services that are done inside your home # 1 they will have you wondering if there real or our they not and most won't take the chance to steal something or do something wrong. these are so cost effective you can't go wrong as i say in most my security products that once again deterrance is 90% of the battle,but you have a cleaning crew who comes in once a week and there walking by these camera's and then to top it of they they start blinking when there noticed as you walk infront of them. and if anyone asks you never give up your secret and that means the kids as well as far as every one is concerned they run off your computer and have wireless trancievers that work off your router ,know most you won't have to go all there ,they will just  be noticed. so for a few bucks give your self that extra security, I promise you will have the babysitter wondering on this one and your indoor service people as well and alot of times that's were the theft begins,if it's not them thereself it's them telling someone who has the guts to break in,until there told there is camera's all over the inside of this place, remeber were are in some desperate times and you would be surprised who would be the one to think of stealing from you so  if you don't have the money for the real thing this is the next best thing DETERRANC, DETERRANCE, DETERRANCE !!! so as a person who has been in the security business I  give this product a above average Value::bill::4.0::November 10, 2012
R206AC0KRYAX3H::Looks real::Looks just like the security camera in my apartment building lobby. But be careful in handling as they are a tad fragile. I dropped from about 3 feet and it broke, but at the price and how realistic it looks, I ordered a second one to put at the entrance of my apartment so I can dissuade intruders, nosey management.::Icewalker::4.0::October 30, 2012
R2M4IK02DQQYWC::Waste of Money::this dummy dome camera arrived in a timely manner, but when opened and batteries installed...it would not stop flashing.  You get what you pay for.  don't buy it.::d-man "dman"::1.0::October 10, 2012
R13VFNKRUM7ULT::Impressive::This fake dome camera is identical to real ones used in gas stations and stores. The only thing not really needed is the flashing led. To most people its a dead giveaway that it's fake. I left the led off, attached a dummy wire to the cam and had people ask me if they could see the monitor. Many are advertised as having a recorded voice warning in addition to the led I have several fake dome cams from different sellers....they don't. I prefer it that way. Lights and recordings make it fake. Dark and silent make it realistic.::Howie::5.0::September 15, 2012
R3SQ4BXU4SMSQ2::Ordered 2 same time, Got two different ones. One already Opened.::One box was obviously opened and handled before. Scratched a little bit, but not sure if that was from the first owner or cheap QA.They looked similar, but ere not at all the same. One the LED's on TOP, the other on the bottom. Different part numbers too. It appears AMAZON has sent me a returned item to clear some stock. My faith in them took a hit on this one. Up to now they have been pretty perfect.That said, they looked the same and are inexpensive. I bought them to experiment with. To see if I can get one of those cheapo camera's off eBay or here and mount it inside. Just to see if I can do it my way and if the plastic is clear enough to get a good image through it.For the price, and what I want it for, the Item still gets a 5. But if I could rate Amazon or ZITRADES, which I will, it's a 2.It fills my need, but don't expect consistency in quantity purchases. I am, not sure if it's Amazon or the supplier ZITRADES who pulled the fast one on me here. For the price, it's not worth the argument, but the feeling of deception will affect further purchasing decisions.::ChicksHateMe::5.0::August 17, 2012
R2SU38LESIH6TN::Great little gadget for the price::I got this not for the criminal deterrance but becuase I needed the plastic dome for something else, and this was the cheapest place I could get the dome. Based on this product's description, it is a fairly decent 'imitation' security camera which looks strikingly like actual cameras of its design (I have a couple which are real, and they look pretty much exactly like this).Something some folks might consider: A lot of the domed security cameras, the real ones, don't use flashing lights. Not sure why a flashing light would make something look more realistic. Aside from that detail, the product itself does look very much like a real camera.* MOTION DETECTION? No.. No idea why folks thought that!:Perhaps the product description/design has changed from some of the older reviews, because some folks mention a "motion detector feature" which this product clearly does *not* have. If you disassemble it, you will see it has a switch, a battery holder, and a flashing LED. That's it. To turn the product on or off, you press down on the outer black rim of the dome and the switch clicks, and the light flashes or shuts off. I have seen other ones for more money with this feature, but this product doesn't have it listed in the description.* OPERATION:You pop batteries in. You press the outer black rim down until the switch clicks, either off or on. The LED will blink when it's on.* OVERALL:I give it a 4 because it meets the description of the product precisely, and it's functional. I can't give it a 5 because there's some gentle scuffs on the dome which annoy me. It's not that the product isn't new, it's just stuff that happens at the factories where they make the cheap plastic dome.::T. Sessoms::4.0::August 15, 2012
R176W79PH2TUD9::terrible product::so cheaply made it broke in my hand within 5 minutes of opening box.....dont bother with this item. terrible mounting system. not worth th5 dollars....::Lawrence M. Fried::1.0::July 22, 2012
R16A8XUJMURJ6D::Look real::Red light flashes to often, so battery may go quickly, have it turned off. My neighbor has the real thing and no flasing light. You could use this product almost any where.::Kitty::2.0::July 18, 2012
R19LH758KMFJ6Y::great::This is a great product for home security. I have one near my back door and it works great. I am going to buy more.::md3::5.0::July 12, 2012
R2VSARC36CXLBL::Not what I ordered::Ordered this Security  Camera and it stated it came with a flashing light, there was no light in the packaging not what i ordered...::scorpio11118::2.0::July 10, 2012
RV0F7MTSVN8OP::It just works! - Simplemente funciona::Small, functional, good finish, just need to add batteries and do your work, you can turn off / on pressing it, when not required for this and it saves on batteries (2xAA), buy 2 but 1 came with the LED out of place, something to solve it quickly.Pequeo, funcional, buen acabado; Solo hay que agregarle las pilas y hace su labor; se puede apagar/encender presionandolo, para cuando no se requiere que este encendido y se ahorra pilas (2xAA); compre 2, pero 1 vino con el LED fuera de su sitio, algo que lo solucione rapidamente.::RobertoU::4.0::July 10, 2012
R3TN7759VE85CR::Not the same as the picture::The Dummy Security camera was not the same one as the picture posted by amazon. The camera was completely different and had no flashing light and  no where to put batteries. For 2 more dollars you can get the one that has the motion sensor and flashing light. Don't buy you will be dissapointed.::Nebur::1.0::July 7, 2012
R3DVAONWIB37OL::Dummy Cam::Wow,so surprised!Well made and worked.Looks just like the real thing.I can't count how many people I've fooled and the looks on their faces,priceless!!All for under 3bucks,a must buy!::Ab4thought::5.0::July 2, 2012
R3792HGFO43LNL::it's ok::it is normal working. not bad. and very look liked to really camera. zlian kargia, kmakofili var. normaluria, kargia, kargia::gurieli::3.0::June 28, 2012
R2MWXAUOEMKPV2::Camera::The camera is awesome. No literally it is. I popped in 2 "aa" batteries and off it went. The red blinking light is an awesome deterrent.You cannot tell the difference. I put it in the window of my car and it looks great. I went o radio shack and bought the Velcro stickys to hold it in place and it was great. Also, my shipment came in today. It was scheduled for the 18, but came early. Thanks guys, very good service.::ajae::5.0::June 14, 2012
R1BOWS1Z9HHKJK::.Fake security cameras::Looks real, easy to install, flashing light to indicate operating, priced right. Held up during recent heavy rains. I should have bought 2 more for added security.::C. Phelps::5.0::June 13, 2012
RR5KFV1M87HMZ::Cheap Product - Get What You Pay For::2 of the 4 I recieved arrived damaged.  I really don't have time to return such a low priced item so its just a hassle.  The other two work just fine.  Cheap price and a cheap product but theyll get teh job done I guess.::KnoxGuy::2.0::June 6, 2012
R1L5OKTW466PB5::A Great Item::I got exactly what I paid for.  A realistic looking dummy camera with a flashing red light.  This unit takes 2 AA batteries and looks like the real thing.  A nice dummy camera at a fair price.::Houston Guy "Daniel Hughes"::5.0::May 23, 2012
R33ZZODOMTJEH8::Great For Combining With A Real Security System...::As another reviewer pointed out, don't bother with putting batteries in this as it just makes it look fake. Using this dummy camera in combination with a real surveillance system helps increase the area you are protecting which was my application of this product. Overall, without knowing any better this dummy camera can look very real and for the price it was worth the investment. I did have an issue where the camera part popped lose during shipping, however I easily was able to disassemble it and fix the issue. Likewise I could have returned it for a replacement but as a plus, these dummy cameras are easy to take apart and repair as necessary.::JP "J.P."::5.0::May 20, 2012
R55YUE8H9GOZY::realistic from a distance::realistic from a distance, but up close, its "you get what you pay for".I bought 2 for exterior front and back entries of my home.The red light will flash when dark but not during daylight.We'll see how they fair over the hot Arizona summer months.UPDATE: they faired very well over the hot summer; fully operational after 6-7 months use. Re-rate to a 5 star!::SunGuy in AZ::5.0::May 1, 2012
R361P105E1KFA0::Cheap::Barely got it out of the box before it broke..Oh well sometimes you get what you pay for. Threw it in the trash and will be looking more.::jbson::1.0::April 23, 2012
R3PPQCV32T0Q6T::Real cameras don't have flashing LEDs::Why do all these dummy cameras have a flashing red LED?  I have never seen a real camera that has a flashing LED, only the fakes have it.  This should be a dead giveaway that it is fake.  Also, the dummy cameras that say they are a real camera housing are not.  This is a lie.  But for the price, they are OK.  Just don't install the battery for the silly flashing LED.::Mark Twain::3.0::April 14, 2012
R3CBYS3X2FLERX::Easy and well priced::I put this high on the wall outside my carport door.  It would be more convincing with dummy wires attached as described in another review.  It was so easy to install, and the blinking red light, on a motion sensor, makes you take notice.::Suzy Bunzl::5.0::April 4, 2012
R33DWV7360UZ33::Decent fake camera::They could fool somebody. I think they are more likely to make someone guess if its real or not. The flashing light is a nice touch, but if anyone sees you install them or replace the battery, it is obvious they are not real. On a positive, they are really cheap.::Eric Bottomley::4.0::April 3, 2012
R799XD8O5LXY7::Does what it is supposed to::Only "complaint" I have is that it is very difficult to get the right distance between the 2 screws so that it mounts properly. But that's more my fault than the manufacturer. Nothing has been stolen off my patio since :)::JonathandSarah::5.0::February 28, 2012
R2CFKJLSRRB8RE::security camera::I am a post commander and was concerned that some of my officers were napping on the job. So i bought this fake camera to make them think they were being watched. Turns out it was well worth the investment. It also kept the peace when there was an incident involving an irate truck driver.::Mojavegreen "Be like the man when whos feet h...::5.0::February 19, 2012
R37PELD02WUV2I::great fakes::Installed three of these around the outside of the house and they all work fine! When you approach the red LED blinks. I have these about 8 feet up and they pick up the car and people without a problem.::Happy Consumer::5.0::October 2, 2011
RW4EW6OF66RPV::Home Security on the Cheap::A great addition to an existing active system or a passive system w/signs. Easy to install and looks extremely realistic.::Mr. Joel L. Sys "Tamango_racine"::5.0::July 26, 2011
R1V558FHJ73YG4::Great To Have Or Add To Real::Perfect for price, great alone to add with existing and real cameras. Works either way. Looks good, packaged well, way good price.\::John Piquette "John P"::5.0::June 18, 2011
RM64FLYVHYPJA::written review::It works well so far and with fast shipping service.Cheap made but what do you expect for the price.Overall good.::earlbass::3.0::June 3, 2011
R2FVQ4H72T389P::Good for what you pay for::Nothing great. It's effective for what you buy it for. The motion detection is pretty useless. I would rather it just continually blink the red light.::TxAggie::3.0::May 15, 2011
R2GJ9GDHFX1YZY::Dummy camera::Not too bad for the price, blinking light can be turned off by pushing on the plastic dome, nice feature.  I'm sure if someone was to look closely at the camera, they could tell it was not real, but overall I'm happy with the purchase.::T-Bone::3.0::May 13, 2011
R3KTXPSS1RE8BC::Dummy Camera::Camera looks real, only had a minor malfuction that was easily fixed reseting the light.  Motion sensor works only with large objects due, but overall really happy with the product::Chepair::4.0::May 11, 2011
R3SJ0X33DCBDY4::Works as described::The dummy camera serves it's purpose which is to deter any kind of criminal activity. The motion sensor works great it really does look like a real camera even up close. It's a great buy for a few dollars::Yeah buddy::4.0::April 19, 2011
R36HZMNP4FNEY4::Good procuct.::Easy to install, cheap, do the job well. The light blinks all the time, just so you don't think it has a motion detector. It does not. The company fulfilled the order in a timely manner.::Keith::5.0::March 27, 2011
R1C0432CRH2H1O::Great Product::If you're looking for a deterrent for a few dollars, this looks like the real deal. Very easy. Just put the batteries in and hang it up. Excellent product!::John Brunscheon::5.0::February 16, 2011
R3BH6WFVTLVKZP::Good for the money!::For such a cheap price, the product is way much worth it! you can turn the light on/off so you can save battery when you don't need the light on. I compared it with the real ones in my company building, can't tell the diff! The real one does not have the light on though. So I turned the light off and have a peace of mind. Worth it!::oracleken::5.0::January 27, 2011
RMJ7NW2LU8M1Z::Not bad for the Price::Don't expect a miracle in the price which this product is available for. The product looks similar to an original security camera. The LED light blinks as said. I personally think its a good piece to just hang in outside your house for safety and security reasons. I read bad reviews about this product but it's not that bad for the price. It's better to have something than nothing if you are not going for the original ones. Also I would suggest to get some clay and spare wires, which you can stick in to the camera and inside the wall with the help of clay.Pros:1] Looks good, near to an original one and as it is its gonna be fixed mostly on ceilings.2] LED works - it blinks.3] At this cost you can fix these units on every entrance of your house. (Don't over do it)Cons:1] Motion sensor doesn't work at all - (consider it's cost, don't expect everything in 5 or 6 bucks)2] No idea if the blinking of LED is a good thing to have (though it's a choice).Also get/print some stickers/labels to make it more authentic/secured. I would have given 4 starts if the motion sensor was working. But try it and see if you like it than spending more bucks.Cheers.::OptimusPrime::3.0::October 7, 2010
RF8UZ0N2P4P0R::One Good One Defective...::I bought two of these and just received them. One of the cameras had the internal guts bouncing around, defective, and the second one works great. It's Battery powered, so you will have to make it accessible in order to replace the buggers. Returning this item you only get the refund option and that means I have to return Both and re buy them again...Not worth the trouble for this item at only $5.00 but I will try to fix it...BTW you have to Press Down on the Dome to Activate it. FYI.::Joseph::3.0::September 25, 2010
R3M26X64B6D5WB::good::It's very good. Very stable. Recommend its use. Has a visibly acceptable quality compared to the price, the better. Thanks::Deivis A. Pena Mota::5.0::September 13, 2010
R2GLOII0GBQZ7E::SE DUMMY SECURITY CAMERA::EXCEPTIONAL PRODUCT FOR THE $$$... SOME ASSEMBLY MAY BE REQUIRED BUT NO BIG DEAL... DO NOT INSTALL BATTERY, EXCELLENT DETERRENT IF PLACED CORRECTLY, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!::DRAGON KOVACS::4.0::August 22, 2010
R1TIG7IGWT19NI::Sec Cam::The LED is a bit brite for nighttime, so it was toned down a bit.Otherwise, it is noticeable, and a potential deterrant from even trying to get into my house.I got 2 & installed them at a corner of my house. That way the side and back can be "monitored".::tomki::3.0::August 2, 2010
R2ZGU98MVALKVP::Product as described::This serves its purpose for me... it's mounted high enough that I doubt anyone would really be able to tell it is not the real thing. LED light is a nice effect.::AP::4.0::July 20, 2010
RWHEBY7CMBDK::does the trick::look for the price it is a good product. what do people expect when they are so cheap? I mounted mine on the exterior under the eves. motion or not, they are visible and can deter.::David::5.0::June 2, 2010
R19U0OS8U6H0OO::Not Bad For the Price::These are just OK for their intended use. There is no way to snug the unit up to the wall or ceiling. This leaves a gap, which is a telltale sign it is a fake.You need to put the screws into the wall/ceiling, and the twist the unit a few degrees to move the screws along the slot. If you have any vibration, the unit will probably fall. I had to push some foam in between the unit and the ceiling to keep it from vibrating loose. They put all the money into the springs, and an on-off switch activated by pushing the dome, and they should have come up with a better mounting system (even the twist-lok like smoke alarms would be OK)As far as motion sensing, the LED blinks all the time. When the batteries die, I will just leave it alone.::AJS::3.0::May 7, 2010
RKB0US54JRL3J::works like a charm!::installed in place of business and no more thievings. blinking red light keeps them away. quality is cheap but works as intended and looks authentic. best $6 spent in a long time. make sure to get some warning stickers with it. total investment $10.::zeb::5.0::March 18, 2010
RE43H04ZV2RSN::No motion activated!!! Feel CHEATED::Item description shows "a motion detecting sensor ...will come on when the sensor is activated" This is a BIG FAT LIE, there is not such a motion sensor, the %$& light is always on. I bought it because of the sensor and now I feel cheated.Better buy from a trusted seller.::A. Colin::1.0::October 29, 2010
R13OS86RM6YDXV::Fake Junk::Purchased 3 of this type of camera (not from Amazon), and all three would not work. One camera has screws rolling around inside. I'm an ex electronic technician, so I took the unit apart to fit it... The word quality was fogotten when they made these things - Chinese pieces of junk! I wouldn't pay $2.00 for these things... Unless you like junk, stay away from these cameras.::DJ::1.0::February 2, 2008
R1F23OI17JB4BE::These work great.::I ordered these and received the wrong ones. There are two types. The first ones received were not motion sensing. Contacted the seller about it. In three days I had replacements that do have the motion sensor feature - and they work great. Would recommend if you received the wrong ones, contact the seller. They will send you the right ones at no cost, and did not require returns of the first ones, even though I offered. I would buy these again and I would recommend the seller highly. Thank you!::B. Redding::5.0::November 3, 2010
RS8JKAOFCIO3P::junk::you pay for what you get...the detector works half the time...when light is on it really looks fake...::MACATTACK::1.0::February 19, 2010
R1JMMK780IVXIH::Looks Real::It looks like the real deal... Little red light is working great on movement... cool::Rafael Abril "Dr. R.A.A."::5.0::December 28, 2009
R1450UB18HORQ1::Broken cameras::Wasted my money and my time. Looks exactly like fake cameras. Came already broken. Don't buy this piece of crap::anna1986::1.0::April 19, 2013
R1YAHZQUSBLP00::One does not work.::I got two of these, and one doesn't even work. The red light does not blink on it. There is also no way for me to put them on the wall like I had planned, because once on the wall, when you walk under the threshold they don't pick up motion. They need a bracket that slants or something, because putting them flush on the wall doesn't work. Right now I have the one that blinks inside of a window, and even that 's not high enough to do the job. I just wanted these to hold me over until I got the real thing, which I am shopping for now.::CyberSaver::2.0::February 24, 2013
R23049E6J7D7IX::Great!::These are working out great. They are so real that for over 6 months they are still holding there value as decoys.::Kiah "Kiah"::5.0::November 27, 2011
R17CVLWFA55YWL::IT IS CHEAP AND CRUMMY::this is a cheap FAKE camera with NO motion detecting sensor!  It have been sent to m e all falling apart and there was NO sensor inside!  they lied,even the box says there is a motion detecting sensor but there is nothing!! I got no help/support and i am very disapointed with this company!::larry::1.0::April 2, 2012
R106DN4MJCNL05::Dummy Camera::Dose what it says. Its a Dummy Camera with red light that flashes when motion sensor detects motion.::G.::3.0::February 6, 2010
R20GM908VSIKQ7::Garbage::It would only work right side up and sometimes not at all. You shouldn't waist peoples time with this. RC::Rafael C.::1.0::May 6, 2014
R2ZVLIQA5OKW2F::I fell few or bad pleasure with this purchase.::3 of 6 Items you send me completly revolvered and crashed parts or loosen parts and perns.  This is bad service for customer. Is a single product with low performance and low price.::Rolando Gomez Rep. Dom.::2.0::November 14, 2013
R9V0JMOS1GJTH::look like real camera::This is fantastic,working good and looks real!!!,I love it this product,really the people thinking is on camera,thanks at lot for this::ogl10::5.0::September 5, 2013
R1PZTW101UWY8I::Remove the light::Real cameras don't have blinking red lights as far as I know.  So when I got these good looking units, I removed the light.  Now I never have to worry about dead batteries either.  They look great and will make a thief think twice for sure.  I didn't use the sticky tape included.  I screwed these units to my house so I won't have to worry about the glue softening in hot weather or becoming brittle from the cold.::Tom V Worcester MA::5.0::September 3, 2013
R2XJ26SZ6FW01W::it's fine.::It'a cheap and looks fairly real, but I don't know why you would turn on the red light.  I hope it does what I want it to.::Joyce Lefarth::5.0::June 9, 2013
R3GPKMQAK565KX::One broken and one Good::So i have bought 2 of them but when i received one was working good.but on the second one sensor was working bad, some time it worked some times not. it was switching off itself::Alex::3.0::March 15, 2013
R108BMSGPU51E5::MORE JUNK::Worthless purchase, and a bunch of JUNK!!!Fell apart, pieces everywhere, and never worked properly!!!!!DO NOT spend your money on this JUNK!!!!!::Deborah Marlott::1.0::February 3, 2013
R1TZ41UM1E2Q4I::the fake security camera sucks::i think it looked like a real camera but then it looked really stupid. i dont like it. dont buy it::uxbvudhuvufdhhter::2.0::December 25, 2012
R2LTJ779V31UOQ::cheap but good::cheap quality product but good for the price its worth.  You get what you pay for but its better than nothing.::Locolucas::2.0::May 20, 2012
RF7KNFVSR7RCL::Stop the theif in my office::This SE Dummy Security Camera, Dome Shape, 1 Red Flashing Light stopped the theif in my office.  I set it up on my shelf....and all of a sudden, the little things I leave on my desk NOW STAY THERE::GDawg::5.0::February 12, 2012
R3T7URHUXBDTEM::Made in China so what can you expect?::I bought 7 of the dummies.  5 of the 7 work fine, but the red flashing light will not activate unless the motion is within a few inches or a flashlight is shown directly into the sensor on the other 2.  Only a refund is allowed, but starting the process all over again is not worth the trouble.::Native Texan "WRR"::3.0::November 6, 2011
R3SIMID5E6LU5X::Good value for money spent!::Just installed and hope it'll play the trick on the intruders which I am sure it will! Go for it just to keep away the wrong intend'ers!::RS::5.0::October 16, 2011
R1GLD6O9WV5VO4::INCREDIBLE::VERY GOOD DUMMY CAMERA COS WHEN I FIX IT ON THE TOP OF MY HOUSE NO BODY CAN STOLEN ANY THINGS OF MY CARS AND GARDEN::Ahmed::5.0::October 10, 2011
R301G4EDY0BZ6O::What a dummy!::I was so dumb to buy this thinking it would be motion activated and it looks fake so I returned it and got a real security system.::ndallguy "Blake"::1.0::August 28, 2011
R1KDO6YNDM4ZL2::LED doesn't work on mine::I suppose we'll still mount it as a deterrant, but to me, this product is a great example of "you get what you pay for".::Linda Graveline::1.0::July 10, 2011
R3UPNEO7CFU3EG::Patten was right !::In spite of the needlessly snotty comment by another reviewer, I agree with K. Patten, the listing is a bit deceptive, although I don't know if this is intentional, or merely sloppiness.And while it is true that the pricing is a bit of a clue, I saw low quality dummy cameras for a buck a piece a while back in one of the electronics surplus catalogs, so it isn't completely out of the question.When you think about it, it is a small, lightweight piece of plastic, and a blinking led (the blink circuitry is on the led's die).  There are kid's toys out there that come packed in a piece of plastic with a blinking led as an attention getter - and that's the part you throw away!  I see no reason a low grade "least cost" unit couldn't go for this price, although I agree it would normally be sold for a little more.  In any case, there are better looking units for sale here than this one, although they do cost slightly more.Note to J. Serdynski:  If you read so well, why did you misspell K. Patten's last name? (twice!)  And why are you so angry at the world that you savaged this person twice, once in your review, and again in a comment under their review? Just wondering, and hoping you can get past the whole anger thing.::rwizard "rwizard"::2.0::June 6, 2009
R1RYIMNHDZMT41::As described::There is no controversy of this product. It works hep great just as described my friends all think it isnreal. Easy to turn on and off.::Quazz::5.0::July 28, 2011
RIHQBIGLT23Z3::dummy camera::I got this dummy camera to fool my workers so I can keep them under control. This camera is not motion sensor unless you put your hand a foot from it. It is only light sensetive so it should blink at night. for what I pay for and for my purpose it works. I do not know how long the battery will last thou. If you are buying this for more than $5-$8 you are wasting your money. It should be sold at dollar store.::Tangsir34 "Andy"::3.0::October 23, 2009
R29Z93LIXD57W3::Great little cheap mini-cam unit::I picked this unit after much research, for a home-made robot (class project). Here's the scoop:For the price, it's fantastic!Performance: Our best results, with a fresh battery, camera unit transmitted ~200' of open parking lot AND ~75' of industrial building w/ lots of flouro/wifi etc. with minimal interference. However, signal strength fell off with batt pwr. Unfortunately, we used a variety of 9Vs at various stages of use or I'd have a lifespan for you. Best guesstimate is minimum 30 minutes full strength from fresh batt.We also played around with it indoors, with the AC adapters on both units.Either way, you'll occasionally have to tweak the RX tuner for best reception if the camera is mobile, or the environment changes (body blocking the antenna of the Tx etc.) See that little knob by the Rx unit's antenna? That's the tuning knob.How does it work?Camera unit powered by AC adapter, or 9V battery (short life as expected) sends audio & video to receiver unit.Receiver unit->RCA cables->TV/VCR/whatever (I used an old portable TV/VCR combo from a junk sale). No "Wifi" here. If this thing had night-vision AND digital tuning it'd have 6 out of 5 stars. Speaking of IR, this camera will detect IR like most digi-cameras.  The only test I managed to do before it's demise* was to point a TV remote at it in a sealed darkroom, and it did register the IR LED.*The TX unit was smoke-checked by an idiot miswiring an improvised AC adapter after we lost the first one, but I'm definitely getting another.::Donovan Vernon Borman::4.0::July 18, 2008
RZ1NKNJVLLBF::Good value for a basic system::I bought this setup for birding. Installation was a breeze. One bit of confusion was the manual which stated the power adapters for the camera and transmitter should not be interchanged and could damage the equipment if hooked up wrong; however, the adapters were identical.  I installed everything and had it working in less than 10 minutes.  There is some interference as others have pointed out, i.e., occasional lines and jitters, but all in all a very good color picture for the price.  I do not see a problem with low light conditions - I have a robin who built a nest under my deck, and was hoping to watch the babies hatch.  Today they did within half an hour of my installation of the camera.  The camera is tucked up underneath the joists and there is no direct sunlight, yet the picture is clear and bright. This may not hold true for dusk, but for use in normal daylight, I'd highly recommend this system if you're on a tight budget.  I couldn't ask for more considering cost/performance ratio.::Ron F. "ronf528"::4.0::May 23, 2009
R1TV3EAV9ZU6XE::Great Value! If you have no RF interference and dial it in.::This is an overall great value once you understand a few things.This device is susceptible to RF noise.  Its either gonna work, or you have to much RF noise and it will not work.The camera has a series 2 dip switches which give you which give you 4 frequency ranges to play with.  The base has a tuning knob to fine tune each setting of the dip switch.When you initially plug this thing in IT PROBALY WILL NOT WORK.  Play with the dip switches on the back of the camera in all positions and fine tune on the receiver dip switch each position.My intial setup all I did was plug and hope to play.  It didnt work, and I felt like I belonged in the 1 star camp.  I through it aside and said fegetaboutit...Fast forward a few weeks later I dug it back out noticed the dip switches on the camera and adjusted them. Fine tuned on the receiver side for each position until I found the one that worked best.  BAM, perfect picture!  Added it to my Kguard DVR setup and set to record.Then a week later bad horizontal lines rolling up and down while in live view. AARRGHH, whats going on?  Then I tried to think what changed in the last week with my RF enviornment.  I happened to add and XBOX 360 slim to my entertainment setup.  So I went over to the XBOX, unplugged it and BAM, perfect picture again.  Plugged it in , boom lines are back.So be aware that once you dial it in and you still have scrolling lines, its probaly the RF noise in your home.  Try unplugging items that generate RF noise one at a time (cordless phones, XBOX, wifi routers, microwaves while in use, etc.) to see whats killing your image, Its probaly not the camera.  For me I live with the lines.  They're not that bad.  Plus I love the fact I can add a camera anywhere by simply plugging it in.PS: The lens on the camera can be turned to focus.Pros:CheapVery smallWell builtGreat resolution and color for priceEasy to hideAudioEasily added to a Cheap Chinese CCTV DVR for a low cost additional cameraBattery operatedCons:No IR lightsVery susceptible to RF noise in the 2.4GHZ rangeXBOX 360 Slim interferes::jetfxr "jet"::5.0::September 2, 2011
RZ56UMW1HH81N::Great video for the price::This little camera works great for keeping an eye on things.  A word of advice, be sure to set the channel on the camera so as to not interfere with any wifi network you are running.  The switches are on the camera. two tiny white switches on the side of the camera,  then adjust the reciever to that channel with the adjustment knob on the top. Once that was don, all of my wireless stuff was happy and working well.::Luvinhistory::5.0::May 15, 2009
R2VTYNQ6RB8ZE2::Good alternative to expensive baby video monitors::We got this rather than spend $140+ on a baby monitor for our child.  We always swore we'd never get a video monitor as it seemed like an invasion of our child's privacy.  However, she is now 2 years and 3 months and we are in the process of transitioning from a crib to a bed, and we have quickly learned that we need to see what she's doing during nap times.  We thought we'd try this out.  Granted, it only broadcasts to one TV, but we mostly sit downstairs and fold laundry while the kiddo sleeps, so we just set the TV up (Picture in Picture) in our living room.Pros:- We were impressed with the small size of the camera.- Field of View - For the most part, it captures most of our child's room.  We have vaulted ceilings and placed the camera at the highest place (14 ft).  From here, we can point it down and capture most of the room (room measures 16 X 14).  If we had shorter ceilings, we probably wouldn't get a good areal shot.- It was easy to set up.  We had to buy a RF modulator since our TV has already used up all of the RCA inputs in the back.- The picture is mostly clear as is the audio.  There are a few interference issues (see the Cons section).  Our daughter's room is upstairs and the TV we attached the receiver to is directly downstairs.  In all, I'd say there's about 30 ft from transmitter to receiver.  It seems to do ok transmitting through the floor/ceiling.  I didn't test it to see how far I could go before the picture got bad.- Doesn't affect our home phone (5.4 GHz) nor our Wireless Internet (ATT Uverse - whatever band they use).  Cell phones didn't bother it either - even in WiFi mode.Cons:- This device does not like our microwave.  I'm unsure if they are on the same circuit, but when the microwave runs we get lots of interference.  This is a minor inconvenience though since we don't usually run the microwave for more than a few minutes.  We could probably try an AC interference adapter, but we don't want to spend the money on something that isn't that big of a deal for us.- The camera only tilts up and down.  The arm the camera sits on does allow you to twist the camera, but the picture twists with it.  What this means is that you can easily tilt up and down, but you can't go left to right when you're trying to set it up.  In order to get the camera to look slightly left, I had to twist the camera mount.  This means our picture isn't exactly level, but again, it doesn't bother us too much.- Battery life is pitiful.  I decided to try a 9 volt to see how long it would last.  It was a matter of hours before our picture started degrading.  Once I attached the AC adapter the fuzziness went away and the picture got much better.  Don't get this for it's battery operation option; be prepared to always use the AD adapter.In all, I'd recommend this.  At least try it before you spend $140 on video baby monitors.  Worst case scenario you return it and are out only the shipping.::Kindle Customer::4.0::January 7, 2010
R2LDJPVZVATPLN::Better than expected::This little thing does a great job for anything you can think of. The range is decent as long as not many walls are in the way. Its very portable (strap it to your dog and see where he goes!). The nine volt battery will die fairly quickly if it is not a good one. If you are keeping it stationary, the adapter works great. The quality is good in good lighting and the audio is great too, you can tape it to your shirt and use it as a wireless mic if you want. Not the best out there but for the price, it can't be beat!::David F. Buff::5.0::February 11, 2010
R2T79FWD1J5PE2::It all depends what expectations you have...::Some people are in love with this camera, some hate it. It all depends on what you're expecting from this toy.Let me outline it's main parameters:Image quality: Quite nice, sure this is not a HD, but it has comparable image quality to my Panasonic VHS-C camcorder, made in 1995.Low light sensitivity: Not the night vision device, but low light sensitivity is OK. For example, way better than average webcam, or Kodak Zi8Immunity to interference: This is the weakest point of this system. Any wifi router or device will be your worst enemy. Interference is annoying - large bar moving along the screen, with clicking interference on sound. If you plan to place receiver at fixed position, it is easy to shield out from wifi interference - just place a half arc cut from beer can at side of antenna. Align it's position and distance for best results.You should note another thing - the transmitter circuitry is frequency dependent on antenna capacitance. In simple terms this means that, any new object near the transmitter antenna will cause it's frequency to shift a bit. So, place camera in such position, than no moving subjects will appear at 30cm or closer distance to antenna.Overall, our family likes this camera quite much. We've installed it at our patio, which is next to artifical pond, where we have ducks. So, now kids can see, what their ducks are doing, and are they hungry or not.Remember, this camera is NOT designed to be mounted outdoors. So you'll need some sealed enclosure, if you'll decide to mount it outdoors.::Rocket Scientist::4.0::May 14, 2011
RJ22WKVZ29VOT::Not Same As Pictured Product and Did Not Work Properly::I bought this camera to be used with a robotics project, so I really wasn't looking for anything with great audio and visual. I just wanted something that was okay.First, I immediately noticed the product was not the same as that pictured on Amazon. There was no camera stand for the pinhole camera. But I would be okay with that if the camera worked.Also, the instructions say that there is a 9V 500mA AC adapter for the receiver and a 9V 200mA AC adapter for the camera. Instead there were 2 identical 500mA adapters. When I plugged one into the camera, both the camera and the adapter plug got very hot to the touch. Again I'd probably be okay with this if the camera worked.Finally, the camera just didn't work properly. There is a tuner knob for tuning in the camera on the TV. Just as I started to get a very weak picture, the tuner hit its limit and you couldn't turn the knob any further. The resulting picture was all scrambled and jumpy with very crackly audio. And that was only when the camera and receiver were in the same room. Move the camera 10 feet away to another room in the house and there is no signal at all.The best thing about this purchase is how easy it is to return to Amazon.::Richard Hall::1.0::November 11, 2011
R11WO3L924SIFQ::Great wireless camera.::Excellent camera (sound mic too!)  Great value.  Uses those little red, white & yellow "RCA" cables compatable with most TVs, DVD players & home entertainment ctrs.The camera itself is TEENY TINY.  If you ever played dice ("craps") - imagine a camera as small as one single die!I use it on my front porch because we don't have a peep-hole on our front door.PROBLEMS:  (though not deal-breakers)1.  The first model I received didn't work.  I returned it, and the merchant exchanged it for better one which did work!  Problem solved.2.  Can it really be powered by either plugging it into a wall, OR by using a 9-volt battery.  Well, "NO".  Regrettably, the battery doesn't work (I tried 3 different batteries; none worked).  So I just used an extention cord - problem solved.This is the least expensive wireless camera I could find and it works great!I live in Palm Springs, California (extreme desert temps range from 35'f (winter pre-dawn mornings), all the way upto 119'f (summer days about 5:pm)) and despite its "INDOOR" Label - this little dynamo has been on my OUTDOOR porch, and working reliably & fine for over 2 years/ no problems!)I'm extremely pleased with this wireless camera!::Brian Newberry "Say something about yourself!"::5.0::January 26, 2010
R343WU3ZT3JP75::Wireless monitoring device works well::Technically it works very well (much better than I expected), but video quality is poor.I needed a inconspicuous video camera with the ability to record, that is easy to setup, inexpensive, and little or no maintenance. I don't need the ability for real-time monitoring. I don't need to watch anything over the Internet. All I need is the ability to go back and see what happened at a certain time.How I have setup this product:1. I have placed the camera in a place and position to capture the maximum activity. Camera clamp can be rotated in two axes, but the third axis is rigid. I think they should redesign the clamp/fixture such that there is complete freedom to adjust the camera.2. I have placed the receiver about 10' away such that both antennae are in line.3. Connected the receiver via Dazzle video converter to a computer.4. Computer is kept always on constantly recording the video.Issues with the above setup: (1) I have to change the video file about once a day and delete old files periodically (2) only I know how to manage the whole setup - too much technology for the family (3) captured digital video size (width and height) is small and quality is poor.Alternative setup: Instead of connecting the receiver to a computer, I tried connecting it to an old VCR. Much simple to operate. I have used 6-hour VHS tapes. With this setup, picture size is as big as the TV, picture quality is abysmal. Low tech and family can manage the setup. More maintenance in that the tape should be changed every 6 hours.I am currently satisfied with the setup. Happy with the product - it does what I need and I didn't have to pay a lot. However, I am still looking for a product similar to this, but has better camera.::Sudarshan Karkada::4.0::November 30, 2009
R2Q6VKN66QN2NC::Comfort!!::I bought this camera when i was diagnosed with Post traumatic stress disorder from a break in at my apartment that i walked into with my 3 young kids. This camera has brought great comfort to me, it works very well my only complaint if i had to find one is that there are a few lines in the TV screen sometimes not enough to ruin the picture so it's no big deal to me........::B. Pierce "3under4"::4.0::August 15, 2008
RQ8ANITNNCHOX::Good Wireless Spy Camera::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_moMBI7827KFYA9embeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_moMBI7827KFYA9refresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_moMBI7827KFYA9chiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_moMBI7827KFYA9hiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_moMBI7827KFYA9refresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so;	   


function cv_moMBI7827KFYA9loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_moMBI7827KFYA9AMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.write("cv_moMBI7827KFYA9flashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moMBI7827KFYA9', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_moMBI7827KFYA9';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moMBI7827KFYA9', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_moMBI7827KFYA9loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_moMBI7827KFYA9";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m1ONQTOY0ED1YO";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m1ONQTOY0ED1YO";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "RQ8ANITNNCHOX";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m1ONQTOY0ED1YO/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_moMBI7827KFYA9duration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_moMBI7827KFYA9duration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_moMBI7827KFYA9loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_moMBI7827KFYA9loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_moMBI7827KFYA9loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_moMBI7827KFYA9newHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moMBI7827KFYA9', 0, h);
}

function cv_moMBI7827KFYA9resetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_moMBI7827KFYA9newHeight(h);

  cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_moMBI7827KFYA9so.write("cv_moMBI7827KFYA9flashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_moMBI7827KFYA9RollOverImg = new Image();
cv_moMBI7827KFYA9RollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91xcUkp7viS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_moMBI7827KFYA9preplay = document.getElementById('cv_moMBI7827KFYA9preplayImageId');
if (cv_moMBI7827KFYA9preplay) {
  cv_moMBI7827KFYA9preplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_moMBI7827KFYA9preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91xcUkp7viS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_moMBI7827KFYA9preplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_moMBI7827KFYA9preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91xcUkp7viS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_moMBI7827KFYA9preplay.parentNode;

  var cv_moMBI7827KFYA9currentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_moMBI7827KFYA9currentClick) {
      return cv_moMBI7827KFYA9currentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 0:32 MinsI am not sure about everyone saying that a wall and this thing loses reception I took it outside and got reception in my house on my 32" LCD TV just fine the quality is good But I bought this to see about owning a wireless spy camera I like the product but for 40 dollars how can you complain for what you get I will say go on Ebay and buy lenses for these things there called board lens check them out it really helps out on the product.I added 6 infrared lights along with a 6mm lenses and this is what It looks like in complete darkness enjoy::Mike::4.0::October 26, 2010
R1CH5MOEKZLIX::For the money .. this thing is FANTASTIC::I grabbed this thing just to play around with. I have to say, I wasn't expecting it to work all that great. I mean for $30 bucks what can you expect. This thing works great right out of the box. It took me about 5 mins to get it working.If you want to mess around with wireless video and don't want to spend a fortune, this little bugger is just for you. BUT PLEASE ... this thing is a tiny $30 wireless camera, you cannot expect it to produce HD quality video. The video this thing puts out is comparable to other web cams of around the same price or cheaper.I also purchased a USB video capture device to stream the feed to my computer which works great.::C. Severn "severndigital"::5.0::December 30, 2010
R2NFCPOR4XK6EB::Good Little Camera::I use these primarily for security around the house, I have them recording with motion detection to an external 1TB harddrive and it does a great job. For the price you can't expect high tech millionaire estates quality video, but i think it does just fine and would def. recommend someone if they wanted to use a set-up similar to mine.::Michael Watts "Likely Suspect"::5.0::July 14, 2010
RR2N976OCCBG3::An expensive toy::Image with the advertisement shows a 9 volt battery adapter which was NOT included with the item, so NOT wireless as the (included) AC power adapter must always be connected. The description does not mention it, but the included instructions say the camera is not for outdoor mounting (but they offer a version that can be mounted outdoors and will work in day-night conditions). CAUTION: Make sure the correct AC power adapters are used as they are DIFFERENT, one is 5 volt (for the camera) and the other 8 volt (for the receiver).::B.D.::1.0::September 28, 2009
R1LIFQYDO0Z0Q6::Doesn't work for long::I bought two of these hoping that the first one was an erroneous anomaly in the production line. I returned the first one and tried again with the second.My conclusion is that the camera doesn't last for long. I plugged the camera into the wall socket using the provided connection and after about 10 minutes the camera was very hot and the wire connection was too. And then it stopped working. I had to wait for a while for it to work again. I kept doing that for a while. Then I tried the camera with a battery and it lasted longer the first few times (worked for approx. 30-45 minutes) but now Im having trouble with it again. It stops working after a while.I'm using it for a robot car. I receive the video signals on a workstation and then send commands to it via radio frequency. I think Im going to return this second one and get something else.::tgaaly "tgaaly"::1.0::April 10, 2011
R27PI57PNFQAI7::ALMOST great, but 2.4 GHz interference is a problem::I had bad interference until I unplugged the cordless phones in the house, then the reception became very good. That's fine, if you don't plan on using your phone while you use it.Reception through the house into the garage was very good, even under modest lighting conditions (two 100W bulbs in a large garage). Sound is pretty good too, like our old Sony camcorder.Under ideal circumstances (no phones on, close proximity) there is occasional flicker, but certainly acceptable.I bought it to put on RC trucks to drive around remotely, stuff like that. It will work for that, it is small and light. I duct-taped it to a baseball cap and used it to film various activities, and you hardly know it is there. Next up: the cat-cam...It eats up 9V batteries pretty quick, maybe 30 min on an NiMH rechargeable. I would not use this item if I did not have 9V rechargeable batteries for it.Pros:easy to set upcheapdecent picturegood quality for the pricevery smallConsphone interference (cost 3 stars, ouch)pivot points are rivets, may wear out...?rechargeable 9V batteries a MUST for remote active useMaybe the 1.2 GHz would work better, might be worth a try. Still, if you can turn off the phones while you use it, its pretty darn fun.::Frequent Buyer::2.0::January 3, 2009
R183GLMHZAD2PC::Cool idea but terrible reception even in the same room!::I purchased this camera as a gift for my mother.  I thought this would be an ideal solution for watching the turkeys, deer, fox and coyote in the open space in back of their house from in front of their TV.  At first we were surprised to see how far the camera could 'see'.  But we found that we couldn't stop the annoying interference on the TV.  (Note my mother does not have wireless in the house.)  It did not take her long to ask me to return this camera due to what we felt was a product defect. :-(::Sea Shell::1.0::January 9, 2011
R2AGKMTE3I2IL2::I wouldn't bother if you live in the city::This is not meant to be a flaming review, I simply wouldn't buy this product if the intended area of use is in the city or any other "congested" area. The camera has two little switches on the back to allow you to select different channels. The intended purpose is to help you fight interference by switching channels. That's all well and good, but the receiver has a dial on it. I played "tried to find the right channel" on the dial for about 15-20 minutes before I finally saw what I thought was part of my leg. May work in an area where there aren't as many electrical competitors, but for my purposes was not up to the task.::TimmyTooTall::1.0::December 12, 2011
RHPDA38PRHC2O::What do you expect to get for the money?::This was the first wireless camera I ever bought. Got more than I expected for the price. We put it out in the goat barn some 100' from the house, and were able to monitor the animals...they act alot diffrently when your not around. The reception had some sort of static interference, but the picture was clear and the sound worked too. Great camera for the money, especially if you have closer to the reciever. Oh and another tip: Don't leave it low enough for the animals to reach it. You know how they say goats eat anything? Well, I need a new camera. I think based on how well we liked having the camera in the barn (We want to monitor the females when the give birth in the spring), I will get another. I think it will be a little better quality, but this one definately gave us an idea on what to expect. I would recommend it to someone who wants a cheap camera for monitoring a room close by.::Amazon Customer::4.0::December 19, 2010
R20RV21SZY7R0T::For the price, this CAN'T be beat. Don't expect HIGH-DEF though.::Okay, so first off, if you're expecting an amazing picture and quality at THIS price, click back now and look at the more expensive wireless cameras.If you're going to be using this with the 9V battery, according to most people, you might as well click back and look elsewhere too because it appears to be a battery hog.If you're looking for something cheap with a fairly decent, but nonetheless non-high def color picture and microphone that is going to be plugged into an outlet for continuous power then you've got the perfect product.Now I can't attest to the distance of the reception this will pick up or transmit a signal, but I can say that if you use it in a house with about 20 feet between camera and receiver and have it tuned right on the receiver you'll get a decent picture. Now there are times that you'll get that interference line moving continuously down your TV because you just can't seem to get the perfect reception or some other electronics are interfering with it, but most of the time the camera and receiver suffices and does its job with minimal problems.We use this to monitor a special needs individual from our bedroom when he is in the living room so we can make sure that he isn't doing anything he isn't supposed to be doing. We flip our TV to AV every once in a while and just make sure all is normal.For the price this can't be beat. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!::R. Frank::4.0::July 12, 2011
R4SGDE389SMLO::Avoid buying if you live around wifi!::Like everyone else, I refuse to turn my wifi off, Everything in the house is connected to it.I knew when I bought it that the camera was in the same frequency range, but I saw the tuning knob on the receiver and thought I could dial it in clear on the back of the camera as well..The problem is that their are two switches on the rear that allow for a total of four frequencies. My wifi is set to channel 11 to avoid interference from the neighbors who is on the standard channel 6.I tried all the channels the camera had, and they all seemed to be the same, interference, stuttering, and a maximum of ten(10) feet range. Channel 1 had the broadest fine tuning range of all the channels, but being the perfectionist I am, I still would settle for a little static as long as the image quit jumping.All of a sudden on channel 4 my reception came in nice and clear and moving the camera around had no problems whatsoever even from across the house through 2 walls.Satisfied, I sat down to write a review on the camera, and boom.. no wifi detected. Turn wifi back on and camera went out, but I've found a happy median while sacrificing video quality and range, Camera channel 1, wifi channel 11, fifteen feet away looking out a window onto the porch and driveway.I placed a bit of aluminum foil onto the receiver antenna and laid it down onto the metal casing and got a little better signal.If you are using this camera to record while you are away and not using wifi it is great, but if you are monitoring it from a computer or while sitting around surfing I would suggest you find a camera in the 900Mhz -  5.8Ghz range.::McCallisterJason::3.0::March 30, 2011
R236PGR8MTBQ98::Not worth the price::If you are planning to use this as a wireless camera, don't!! Picture is ok, but when you are looking at the broadcast there's only one good frequency, and the picture you get has a static bar going across the screen. It is extremely distracting & hard to watch.::Daniel Martinez::1.0::April 21, 2010
R3DCQ06IJNU0M2::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yrefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso;	   


function cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.write("cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Y', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Y';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Y', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Y";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m39BMX4NKG3SOG";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m39BMX4NKG3SOG";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R3DCQ06IJNU0M2";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m39BMX4NKG3SOG/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Y', 0, h);
}

function cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YnewHeight(h);

  cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yso.write("cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Yflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YRollOverImg = new Image();
cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YRollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81vLdPUmz8S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Ypreplay = document.getElementById('cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YpreplayImageId');
if (cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Ypreplay) {
  cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Ypreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Ypreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81vLdPUmz8S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Ypreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Ypreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81vLdPUmz8S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_moAZA1SAY52B4Ypreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YcurrentClick) {
      return cv_moAZA1SAY52B4YcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 0:52 Mins::vwest::1.0::July 11, 2011
R1I6J5L1J1KY74::Great product for the price!!::First off....I read every review on every spy camera set up on Amazon and decided to purchase this one due to the price and the fact that this IS a LYD receiver and identical to the LYD system that sells for $10-$15 more.  I have only tested this camera out for about an hour or so with a distance of about 40 feet and 2 walls in between.  Works great with some light static.  You MUST adjust by testing each channel on the camera first then adjusting the dial on receiver to obtain a good signal.  I have not tested the camera on a 9v battery due to the fact of it draining too fast, but I did order a MPD (Memory Protection Device) from DigiKey.com.  The MPD holds 6-AA batteries in series with 9v snaps on one end to replace the 9v, in doing this you obtain 9 volts (1.5 volts for each AA times 6) but with a whole lot more capacity, thus making the camera last longer with good signal strength.  The people on here that are giving bad reviews are not properly tuning, might be exceeding the distance from the receiver, or just plain dumb and expect perfect quality for the price.  So take your time and use common sense.The reason I purchased this spy camera is to catch my crackhead neighbor stealing my packages.  I live in an apartment and have nowhere for the packages to be left but the front door.  Will be setting up my sting operation soon and will try and re-post with results.::joe::5.0::October 10, 2012
R1Y4179VKY5N5G::Stoped working after one use::Knowing that you get what you pay for, I bought this anyway. Worked first time I hooked it up. Then set it aside and got back about two weeks later to really mount it, and it didn't work. Nothing changed as for wiring, and it just sat on a shelf between those two times. Just didn't work. Oh well, sent back and got a full refund including shipping. Won't take this "cheap" chance again. Else it was OK for a cheap device - would have been fun to install on a robotic platform and drive it around (that was my hope, after first testing as a surveillance camera). Oh well. YMMV.::Bill "Bill"::2.0::November 28, 2011
R1EXC82PHURMM2::Works Depending on Interference::I picked this up and hooked it up in my midtown NYC apartment. Picture is phenomenal as long as you are within about 5 feet from the receiver pretty much defeating the purpose of a wireless system if the receiver has to be that close the camera. The audio feature sucks.Fortunately my intention was not to use this in my apartment but rather connect it to a cctv system in my country house where the nearest neighbor (and the corresponding wireless interference) is at least 500 yards away. In this location, the $27 device exceeds expectations with the receiver set 50 feet away on the second floor and through one well insulated wall. I think it is safe to say that the 2.4 ghz frequency is too crowded in dense metropolitan areas while it really excels in more open space. Sound still sucks. But for the price, it is an impressive piece of cheap chinese equipment.::zimmazam "zimmazam"::3.0::September 15, 2011
R1VEAQ18KCDIGN::Awsome!!!!::I love this thing it did exactly what I wanted it to do. I got this because my brother and I wanted to spy on "santa" when he put down the presents and also my brother when he is having sleep overs. It worked out great! Also I saw that people said it was interfering with their wireless networks, It didnt mess-up mine at all! The only thing I would  change about it is the distance you can recive the camra signal. mine works all around the house and outside except my basement. Over all this camra blew away my expectations, If your looking for a cheep spy camra get this if you are looking for a dvr multi-camra security system your gonna have to look some whear else.::Puff Daddy Clan::4.0::August 9, 2011
R15D79STZZLE73::does the job!::great little camera. hides very well and the wireless receiver works great. I have the camera out front facing my walkway and i can see the image all the way in my den. Don't have to get up and answer the door if i don't feel like it!::Gman::4.0::July 31, 2011
R2M902WLGO73EM::Very Disappointed::Not happy with this item at all the sound is terrible all we can here is crackles.  The video is blurry or changes colors or just completely goes out. And the battery adapter part does NOT work with it bc nothing appears on the screen when I hook up with battery.  This product was not at all what I expected and I was not expecting much for $40.  But definitely alot worse than I expected.  So I would not recommend this to anyone!::ARN::1.0::February 8, 2011
RVYZUPUO7H5WO::Junk!!!::What a piece of junk!! Stuff keeps getting stolen from my car, so I need it a camera to catch whom ever is doing it!!I got this Mini Wireless Camera for around $30, which is not so bad! Shipping was $15, HALF of what I payed for the camera!! So I connect the receiver and set up the camera with a battery! The picture and sound were clear, good quality! Next day I checked it and I was not getting a audio or video! I thought maybe it was a dead battery, I replace the battery, and nothing!I plug the power cable. Kept turning back and forth the frequency knob for 15-20 minutes!!Try changing the channel on the back, and still nothing!! What piece of junk! It worked for roughly 13 hours! I'm know my way with electronics and I did everything to make it work. There no interference, I had it away from other electronics and metals!! This is my experience with this camera! Beware!!::Wilraid::1.0::January 1, 2011
R1HXCPEIPQLKVV::Great camera for the price::So far just got this item from amazon, a day early :) and so far its been great tested it all around the 3 story house and got great reception everywhere i took it, so far i have noticed that my logitech wireless keyboard and mouse can cause some interference with it.  like ppl have said the picture wont be hd but what do you expect for 22 bucks? The picture for this item can be deceptive mine came with the camera base and small sturdy antenna on the camera, not the little stand less black box pictured here with its strand of loose wire for an antenna. The package contained all the equipment including the 9volt battery adapter. all in all im very pleased with this purchase, well see how long the unit lasts :)Update.  The 9 volt adapter that's included is kinda cheap and the wire frayed on mine so i went to radio shack and got a new 9 volt clip.works great just be careful not to break the wires. Also if your wifi network is using channels 9 thru 11 you're probably gonna have a lot of interference so just change the channel to anything below 9 and that will limit the wifi interference::Brad::5.0::January 11, 2013
R1ZTXRA1OMI4FI::Do Not Buy!::If the company actually ships you everything in the product description, you will only find out that the camera quality is like trying to drive with your bright lights on in a blizzard, at best.  The customer service was decent until I indicated I wanted to return the product.  Then their reply's to my emails stopped.::James Norris::1.0::January 8, 2013
R40207U4HDEQ0::Works...cheap...meets expectations of $$ paid::Set-up is easy...took about 30 seconds.  In the box, you'll find:1 Camera (the box says this is model 203C 50mW NTSC)1 Wireless Receiver2 AC Power Adapters with 9V DC output (1 for camera, 1 for wireless receiver)1 A/V cable with a yellow and white RCA-type connector on each end1 Coaxial AntennaPicture quality is not poor, but I would rate it fair in daylight conditions with no cloud cover.  At night with a lamp in the living room, there is a picture, but it is difficult to distinguish facial features.  You do have to tune the receiver to get a picture.  Tuning is very touchy.  For most of the tuning range there is no video signal.  Once you find the video signal, my experience was that it was either perfect or not viewable at all.  There is no power switch on the receiver or the camera.  When they are plugged in, they are on.  There is a a red LED power indicator on the receiver, no indicator on the camera.Audio is 1-channel and the quality is average.  You need to be within about 5-10 feet to hear a normal conversation.There is no mount for the camera I received, so it didn't match the picture.  You will need to be duct-tape savvy or create some sort mount for this particular camera.  The box the camera came in has several pictures of cameras, none of which were the product inside the box.  The box has 23 check-boxes printed on it for what I think are 9 different camera models listed along with some other device types and specification options (power supplies, transmitters, receivers, 2.4G/NTSC/PAL).The AC adapters that came with the unit are identical for the camera and the receiver.  They both have a 3-foot cord that attaches to the wall wart.  I find this to be too short for placing the camera anywhere and will look at a battery option.  The receiver says it will accept 9-12V for DC input.  The fine Chinese documentation (although better than some I have seen) lists the camera input as 8V.Given the exquisite Chinese craftsmanship, if you are looking for a high-quality camera, I would recommend you keep looking.  If you just need something to show you what is going on outside with an audio feed, this will work...as long as the camera is close to an outlet and you have your home-made mount available.::Chuck::3.0::December 30, 2011
R2ULZDKWETGVGM::Good camera for inexpensive price::I shopped and researched the market before deciding on this mini camera.  If your shopping around, there are other brands in the marketplace that look suspiciously like this one for $99.95 and $89.95.  They are all made in China.I purchased this light-weight, portable, mini, wireless camera to mount on an N scale model railroad flatcar.  Portable power supply is furnished by a 9 volt NiMh 250 mAh (rechargable) battery I purchased on Amazon.  The battery and inexpensive charger brand name is "Tenergy".  It also comes with an AC cord to connect with house power.The flatcar is pushed by a locomotive and the picture is transmitted through an inexpensive ($99.95) LCD TV.  The viewer is transported through the model railroad layout as if they were riding on the actual train.  This feature added another realistic dimension to the hobby.  Small N scale becomes large life-like on the screen.  The picture quality is ever-so-slightly blurred but clear enough to enjoy the realism.  When riding on a full-size train and looking out the window, the scenery and buildings are also similarly blurred; therefore, scale realism is assured.This camera uses lots of power and will deplete a 9 volt alkaline battery in thirty minutes.  A fully charged 9 volt NiMh 250 mAh battery lasts for one hour and eight minutes.  It obviously pays to use a rechargable battery.  I discovered that the depleted alkaline battery had enough life remaining to run a flashing LED light which is installed as an airport rotating beacon (A seasoned hobbyist never throws anything away) on my layout.  This camera does not produce a vivid picture, but for the amazingly low price and for my application, it's very appropriate.It's also great for bird watching while aimed at bird feeders.::Warbird Buff::3.0::February 24, 2011
R1QWLDLIH2DTUU::Works well but...::I'll keep it simple. Camera works great. It has nice picture quality (420p) and the sound is clear. My main problem with it is that I am making a remote controled robot using XBee trancievers and the camera causes significant interference with them. Without the camera powered, I can control the robot from anywhere in my house. When the camera is powered and on the robot, the robot stops responding after it gets about 6ft away from the transmitter.::Gabriel::4.0::January 10, 2011
R3JXSH3QPSSYI3::Wireless Color Camera worked only ONE DAY!::I was excited to receive this mini camera. I hooked everything up within minutes of its arrival and it worked well for ONE DAY ONLY!. The camera is now NO longer functional and does not send a signal. I know the receiver is working because it receives a signal from another 2.4 GIG camera using the turning tuning knob. Too bad that this camera is poorly made. Be careful with this item. The technology may be defective. I've tried getting a replacement camera and that seems to be impossible. Amazon says I have to deal with the seller. There is no way to contact the seller. So I have a receiver with no camera.::K. Cina::1.0::January 3, 2011
R3C7VXJFDXWULT::Great for what you pay for it::First of all, I paid ~$26 for it here on Amazon. I've seen similar cameras on hobby websites go for around $80. This $26 camera I'm sure is no where near that $80 camera, but it's good enough to start off with. It does not like walls in the least. One sheetrock wall and the signal is gone, forget four or five, or through a brick wall. Another thing it does not like is bouncing. I bought this to put on RC cars, but as soon as the car hits a bump, the picture starts cutting out. And if the car goes behind a wall, you're f*****. The receiver comes with a tuning knob which is crazy sensitive. Just a little bit of a tweak can send the whole picture wonky. When it does work, which is when they're within about 20ft of each other, the picture's pretty good, about the quality of an old VHS camcorder with similar audio characteristics, which is damn surprising considering the signal's moving through the air.Long story short, it's a poorly made Chinese wannabe product. If you're looking for something reliable, spend a little more money. If you're looking for something to ditz about with in close range, go for it.But what am I complaining about, it cost less than $30!::CDMadden::3.0::June 26, 2011
R3ODNE2QBLNV1R::Too bad there is no half-star rating::I didn't expect anything outstanding from this item, but there was a hope.1. picture quality -- horrible, even if camera is 1ft from receiver.2. no audio at all.3. capture angle -- feels like 30 degrees or even less4. adjusting the focus -- "User Manual" says nothing about details of this adjustment. Like, a user has to get some pointy object (I used tiny tweezers), discover two small holes in front side of objective and try to twist that disk (which is very tight)... while watching the picture. It is so easy to miss the focus (let's say, less fuzzy image)5. switching channels -- yes! there are two microscopic switchers in the dip, under the camera stand. You would have to find out that some unknown microscopic diagram drown on that stand is a schema of switching channels. Then you'll have to discover those switchers by removing the stand. So, two microscopic toggle switches with two positions. Means -- you have 4 combinations. Wow! You can have 4 crappy cameras with one receiver! By the way, to flip that toggle switch you would need some magnifying glass and very small pointy tool (oh yes! I have my tweezers!). I am afraid that after flipping that switches a few times they will break.6. the tune knob is too sensitive. I guess the mouse trap is less sensitive.I will not return it because I have no time for it. But I would never recommend it... even to my enemy.For those who rated it with positive reviews -- you were lucky... or you are lying.::Zheng::1.0::April 17, 2014
R26Z57AHYJUPJC::good camera for the price::This is a good camera for the cost.  Note that this is not a digital or high definition camera.  The image isn't super crisp, but it's good enough for my purpose of finding out which of my neighbors is letting his/her dog do its business in my yard...and small enough that it won't be noticed if I put it outside.  Cheap enough that if it is noticed and stolen, it's not a big financial hit.::CMY::4.0::January 4, 2014
R1ND3OVR009ZB7::Simple and fun::Depending on your needs, this may or may not work.  For my needs, this was fun and did the job.The camera has a nice option to either plug into a wall outlet for power, or an adapter to use a 9v battery.To tune the receiver to the camera you just turn the knob on it and watch the picture.  Range on the camera can vary depending on what is between the 2 devices.  I could typically get about 20-30ft with line of site.  If a wall was in the way you might only get to the other side of it.  The quality of the picture depends on the signal but at 20-30ft, it was clear enough and worked.  Its not HD quality, but what are you expecting for $20?Before recommending I would ask what the intended purpose is for.  If you want to monitor an area or something, I might want a better camera that works in low light and better resolution.  If you want it to have some fun with, by all means, I would recommend it!::Michael::4.0::January 3, 2014
R2E6SOXM3UJ234::dont waste your money::This camera never gave a clear picture and after having it just a few days the antenna broke on it::Hayley Welch::1.0::July 27, 2013
R10IMBXBXHTKBI::Lack of DC adapters::Haven't even tried the camera yet, but as soon as i opened the box, I realized the receiver AND camera are designed to run off the same DC adapter.This is fine, except only 1 comes in the box.  I plan to use a 9 volt battery, but now i have to go buy ANOTHER adapter.  So no matter what, you cannot use the camera with what came in my box.::Random Dude::4.0::November 20, 2012
R5H7V9WCFIPTX::Works great for the money::Camera works great if you have a direct line of sight if not you may get some interference in the video from just drywall, otherwise picture color and resolution is great for the money and setup is easy. Make sure you purchase a EasyCAP USB 2.0 Audio/Video Capture/Surveillance Dongle and you will be all set to record on your PC.::charles martin::4.0::October 1, 2012
R2A9MAP5TH2YZI::Good product::Camera description: The camera looks just like the picture. To switch between the 4 channels there are 2 dip switched with 2 positions each. They are very small and inside a cutout of the cameras casing so it will take something like a toothpick to change the channels. It comes out surprisingly clear and can run on the 9v battery for over 20 minutes.Tuner/receiver description: The case is made out of aluminum. The tuner kno is plastic but not the cheap kind. The tune knob is very touchy. If you adjust too quickly you could miss the perfect setup. I tested if it could run off the 9v battery and it did. It drained it very quickly, around 8-10 minutes.::Diamyo::4.0::August 3, 2012
RRKZ9PPYBIU94::Wireless Color Camera -- Good for indoors::This is a indoors-only camera. For the size and price, this is a good product. There is only one problem with it that was not advertised. It goes through the 9-volt battery in less than an hour, and then the transmission disappears. I thought the camera was broken at first, but once I plugged in the adaptor, it started working even more clearly (than with the battery)and better. Too bad I wanted it for someplace where I couldn't plug it into electricity.::Reviewer1234::3.0::April 5, 2012
REKM0W4U6M268::Simple and sweet::This is a quick and dirty functional item. There is no external antenna connector. One serious problem is that there is hash or spurious from the camera which interferes with the wireless internet.::Arctic Dude::3.0::November 6, 2011
R1XVGARBFBXBGP::Power::I originally couldn't get the picture to stay on. I figured that the problems might be the current available from the 9 V battery. I bought a 9V 500 MA power adapter. Immediately all the problems went away. The picture was solid for hours. I was even able to take the receiver downstairs and 75 ft across the house and still have a solid picture.While I was at the store I saw a high current 200MA 9V rechargeable battery. This seems like to way to go when you don't want to use a plug-in adapter. I'll try this some time in the future, today I really wanted to get the camera ysstem working.::B. Jackson::4.0::October 15, 2011
R14KEQD36R88ZA::Good wireless camera!::I purchased this camera not for use in a security application as it was described for, but on an RC Helicopter. Used it on my Double Horse DH-9053 helicopter with a 9v battery. Signal was good as long as I had my home wifi shut off (lots of interference). Pretty cool to see a live view from the heli during flight!The power ac adapters were pretty cheaply made but work just fine. The reciever gets a little warm after prolonged use, but nothing to really be worried about. Overall, the entire system (camera and reciever with all parts) works just great! Just be prepared for interference when you've got lots of wifi in your neighborhood. While there certainly is room for improvement in signal quality (especially with the popularity if 2.4ghz wifi), I would definately recommend this camera!::96ethanh::4.0::September 22, 2011
R240HTOK2Z4TZD::Nice little camera (if you set it up right)::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVrefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso;	   


function cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.write("cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAV', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAV';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAV', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAV";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m2WJM0LY5TOF97";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m2WJM0LY5TOF97";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R240HTOK2Z4TZD";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m2WJM0LY5TOF97/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAV', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVnewHeight(h);

  cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVso.write("cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVRollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVRollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91KywUO7PjS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVpreplayImageId');
if (cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVpreplay) {
  cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91KywUO7PjS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91KywUO7PjS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVcurrentClick) {
      return cv_mo3D2VJGYP5AZAVcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 0:45 MinsNOTE: This video is of a mockingbird nest outside of our house.  The video itself was captured by a PC capture card connected directly to the included camera receiver.  The video itself hasn't been altered in any shape or form.= SHORT REVIEW = Configured correctly, this camera will transmit an audio and video signal that is actually pretty good for the size and price of the unit.  Interference from Wi-Fi networks and other things can cause the A/V signal to crap out, however.  The camera can be mounted outdoors as long as it has proper housing or protection from the elements.= LONG REVIEW = I purchased two camera sets off of Amazon, first one purchased June of 2011 and the second one purchased February of 2013.  Both kits came with one wireless camera, one receiver, two AC adapters, one 9V battery adapter, and one composite A/V video cable. Setting up the system is very simple.  Just plug in the two adapters, hook the receiver up to your television, and power on the receiver and camera.  Slowly turn the silver knob on the receiver and you'll see the video signal transmitted by the camera. The farther away the camera is from the receiver, the crappier the audio and video signal will become.  Audio is the first thing to go south; you'll hear crackling and static but the video signal usually isn't affected.  Move the camera even farther away and the video signal will simply turn to snow.  Microwave ovens and Wi-Fi networks also affect signal quality, regardless of distance. Video quality is pretty impressive for the size and price of the camera.  The video signal produced is very similar to those video camcorders from the 90s and 2000s.  The FOV on this camera is pretty narrow, however, which means that it won't be able to capture large areas effectively.  Also, the camera will NOT work effectively at night; all you'll see is just a dark screen.  To change focus, twist the lens on the front of the camera; twist it out for macro focus and visa versa. Audio quality is also pretty impressive for the size and price of the unit.  With this camera, you can clearly listen to conversations, barking dogs, chirping birds, and other ambient sounds.  Don't expect audiophile quality though.  Unfortunately, audio is the most susceptible to random interference.= GETTING THE MOST OUT OF THIS PRODUCT = Most wireless devices inside your home run on the 2.4 GHz band.  That means that if not configured properly, this camera will interfere with those devices, and those devices will interfere with the camera.  Most notable is a Wi-Fi network. If both your camera and router operate on the same relative frequencies, then you'll have a bunch of problems.  To your digital 2.4 GHz devices, the camera is just a source of random interference, which causes slower connection speeds and difficulty connecting to the Internet.  To your camera receiver, those [other] devices will interfere with the camera signal, causing lots of static and choppy video.  In the end, nothing wins, and you'll be tearing your hair out wondering what's causing all of this to happen. On the back of the camera, there are two small dipswitches.  Those switches control the frequency at which the camera transmits.  Using a sewing needle, you can move the switches around, changing the transmit frequency of the camera.  This is useful if you have two or more of these cameras operating at the same time.  To prevent interference with your Wi-Fi network, try operating the wireless camera at the frequency furthest away from whichever one your router is running at. Even after configuring your camera and Wi-Fi network, you'll still receive random interference.  Your microwave oven causes so much interference that the camera won't be viewable while the oven is operating.  Bluetooth devices also cause a lot of interference.  Neighboring Wi-Fi networks will also cause interference.= IMPORTANT ISSUE ABOUT PRIVACY = Before you purchase this product, just be aware that your neighbors WILL be able to view your camera IF they have a receiver similar to the one included in this kit.  The camera transmits an analogue signal, meaning there is NO encryption of any type.  If you don't want to be spied and listened upon, then don't mount this camera in a sensitive area of your house.= IN CONCLUSION = Even with its problems with interference and privacy, I will still recommend this product.  You can't beat the price or size of the unit and still expect the same quality of video and audio.::David Cecil::4.0::July 30, 2013
R3NUQQG7J33KBR::100% JUNK::This product is 100% JUNK. I have the transmitter less than 20 ft. away from camara no walls in the the way or nothing. Everything installed in the same room and the picture fades in and out. Had to unplug the audio because all you hear is static. The adjustable tunning well thats another joke. All you do is tune it in. If you think thats funny when people walk near it they block the signal and the picture goes blank.LOL thanks for the laugh. Keep my money IDK. JUNK JUNK JUNKDont waste my time anymore save your phone calls and emails i dont want a replacement because i knew it was to good to be true.::LawnCarePlus::1.0::July 9, 2012
R24EXRKM1Z32Y6::WoW Nice Camara & Items For The Price  !! Thank You Amazon::Mini Wireless Color Camera with MicrophoneII do not write Reviews, But this one is the Best For price And I had it hooked upin 10 minutes,Working just fine, And other reviewer said will not work with wirelessnetwork (Would block Signal of Camera ETC) Well it works for me, No problem.If you are looking for a Cheap to your pocket Spy camera this is it Buy it .Also comes with 2 ac adapters and Dc also/No battery. Happy Shopping.I boughtit at Amazon.::S. Robinson::5.0::August 29, 2011
R2ERZ0HEHMLMIJ::worked great for what i payed for.::This wireless camera works really good. It was transmitting through windows and walls all through a trailer about 75 feet distance so great. I live out in the country so I don't get alot interference from WiFi and stuff so that could be a big difference for you. At long distances, the tuning knob can be very sensitive. Plus if you want best picture you will want to use the AC wall adapter. There isn't enough amps coming from a 9V battery to power it full on, but it still works for 30min or less. The lens on my camera can be focused which I think is great for setting up for  different distances. Don't get the stand camera kit, because it isn't as small, antenna is shorter, and you don't get good transmission at further distances. All in all I think it was a great purchase.::Electro5525::5.0::May 8, 2014
R242BAB3QYZWE2::Amazingly and surprisingly good::Got it, plugged it in, tweaked the dial, could get nothing but static snow and the random "almost a signal".  I unplugged the power from the camera, plugged it back in, touched the camera wire to the receiver's antenna, then it homed in and worked perfectly.  60-80 feet away, in a WIFI-heavy environment and going through three walls, the video was crystal clear, as was the audio when powered via the a/c adapter.  The camera's image is very sharp and robust.  Even at close range to an object the video/audio was astoundingly clear.  This did not come with any type of mounting base, so the pictured item is wrong.Next, I used the 9V battery adapter.  Range was reduced to about 40-50 feet going through two walls, and clear reception was very hard to maintain.  It maintained a slightly grainy picture, but absolute sharpness was not sustainable under battery power.This exceeded my expectations, given the price.  The real test will be if it works in an elevator, because I'm trying to find out who's spitting on the elevator walls in our 4-story apartment building.  I will update later with the results.  BTW, this camera has no exterior dip switches.  I wonder if I would have to remove the two screws on the camera to access them.  Since it works, I won't bother looking into that.Update:  worked very well in the elevator to find our litterbug.  The signal randomly broke up between floors, but always reacquired the signal once the elevator stopped on a floor.  I've tried a few other, more expensive mini wifi cams, and they sucked and couldn't even acquire a signal once the cam was placed in the elevator.  This is the one to get, IMO.::T.W.::4.0::April 17, 2014
R27PFIE2KV0LFD::you get what you payfor !::Soud is bad picture is fuzy but works . Not a bad lil $20 security cam . I use to watch my back yard::Debra Phillips::3.0::January 21, 2014
R21DH51DF45MXV::UNREVEIWABLE  DUE TO AMAZON DISHONESTY::The item I received was not what was ordered. In keeping with the many other ways Amazon has ripped me off, this item is a scam. The item looks like a nine volt camera and the receiver "is" a silver color.  Where there is supposed to be an on/off switch, there is a sticker covering the hole where it should be. Unfortunately, opened the box and counted parts but didn't actually try to test it until six weeks after I bought it. I don't know if it is a real camera. I do know what Amazon sent as it turns out, is just another one of their ripoffs. Amazon is the moat dishonest company I have ever dealt with.::Charlzdolf Vetter::1.0::January 20, 2014
R1DM2UIJ8YYYWV::its ok.::This is an ok product. It is pretty hard to get it adjusted to get a a clear picture, but once you do it works great and actually works all through my whole house. Its great for Ying on people and getting information. I love it::tim::3.0::January 14, 2014
R1OAFJNY2DHOMY::Works great with an RC Helicopter::I bought this to attach to my RC Helicopter, and it works great within a short distance.  If you are going to go far away, you will need a GoPro camera.::Eubielaw::5.0::January 7, 2014
R1TE61MNIZRUXH::its gets the job done::Its an ok camera if your not planing to hide it behind any metal objects or anything that can mess with the signal. it works well out in the open but not in a closed box like a safe or something.::Soraia Tajzai::4.0::December 29, 2013
R2151RQ5BYN7YR::camera transmitter sensitive to RF noise for 9v train tracks::Experimenting with minicamera as an inexpensive first person video (FPV)camera for Lego creations. Audio pickup is reasonably sensitive. The mini camera's and the receiver's antenna are fixed (not detachable/upgradable).  Attached Minicamera to a 2x2 tile. You need a jeweler's screwdriver or a tip of a nail to set the camera to one of the 4 channels. Rubber tip of minicamera antenna prone to fall off. MiniCamera output decent video while attached to a Power Function Lego Robot and  Train.  Camera needs decent amount of light or video is dark. Camera transmitter picks up white noise-static when attached to a moving 9v (electrified railroad track) Lego train. Camera can operate about four hours on a fresh 9v alkline durcell battery but after third hour it gets a bit warm.  camera and transmitter is reasonably priced.::Walter Lee "Not convinced"::3.0::November 9, 2013
R20BD7VL241O0K::Hobby Camera but works very well::This camera is a hobby camera.  With that being said, it does work as described and we have fun using it.::ourlittlecoop "Kevin"::5.0::November 4, 2013
R3RXTCM1W7MKES::worked on the bench::I tried to mod this unit and burnt it up on the bench. it did work for a while with the attache power leads but i damaged it. i feel certain it would have worked as intended for my need. which was onlt 60 feet away on the back of a camper.::Wilem::4.0::October 21, 2013
R15J025YN0V25S::Decent camera, but not exactly as pictured::I'm happy with the camera's quality for the price, but please note that the camera mount pictured is not included.::Christopher C. Stanley::4.0::October 18, 2013
R3FUHER5BGIAJU::POS junk::Worked for a couple of days and then the picture started to degrade. Color faded. Contrast faded. After two weeks, the picture was unusable. When I decided to unplug it and throw it away, I realized it was very hot to touch! Glad it never caused a fire. Definitely a piece of crap. It went right in the garbage. Learned my lesson.::Chris H::1.0::August 11, 2013
R3JMHF5A4I7DTL::awesome for price::I'm using it right now to see across my barn yard. the definition isn't too high but I can see people or horses for up to about 500' in the daylight daylight. At night time I can see well lit areas about 300' away.::J Sambola::5.0::July 21, 2013
R1XLVGZGYQQASM::Felt like left over 80s tech::The idea of the mini wireless color camera is very James Bondish. The size of this camera fit in with that idea. It was very small, maybe quarter sized. There are some downsides to this one. If you have a lot of wireless devices around(who doesn't?) it can be a real hassle to tune into your camera. I found it almost impossible. This was made worse by the camera getting extremely hot. After a few minutes the tiny camera became too hot to touch with bare skin. I'm not 100% sure, but it seemed as though the video quality and reception got worse as the camera heated up. It got to the point where I had to constantly adjust the tuning dial to keep a picture, though it had alot of static. Some of that could have also been the amount of interference around me and I could have received a defective camera, but it's hard to say for sure. I had planned on using it to watch an entry door. With how hot the camera got, even when running off battery power, I was not comfortable leaving the camera connected while I was gone and ended up returning it and paying a little more for a more versatile IP camera.::Rob::2.0::July 18, 2013
RO81CY2QEGFLB::In the product description it does NOT inform you that it is a PAL system and not NTSC..::The whole system is for European market - Power Supply plugs are of European format (round pins) - It is a PAL and NOT NTSC::Dev::2.0::July 10, 2013
R2HPJA1XGFGERM::TERRIBLE PRODUCT::Its not what i thought it would be camera not worth anYthing. I WISH I COULD GET MY MONEY BACK.::derome bobo::1.0::June 20, 2013
RG8M16LG9AAEP::failed miserably::The instructions are terrible! I set the camera up and tested it. The video was in black and white, grainy and faded in and out. Could not keep the camera and receiver tuned on the same channel/frequency. After five minutes the camera got so hot I couldn't hold it.Overall, a total waste of money.::Phil B.::1.0::June 1, 2013
RISODL6BCNJGH::DOA::Defective.. nearly burnt the skin off my palm it was so hot. No image ever displayed from wireless camera. Returned to amazon::A Lawson::1.0::May 17, 2013
R39Y4GO2WEIGJ7::It mostly kind of sort of works::As the title states. It works for the most part kind of. Requires constant re-tuning which is extremely annoying and after the cam heats up the colors seem to change. The camera also had a few dead pixels on it. You get what you pay for I suppose.::S. Smajlovic::2.0::May 15, 2013
R1152RIMLT289F::Great for the price.::The Good- This little tool is awesome. Right out of the box it works and it includes all the wires needed to run it. Most cameras you have to buy separate wires but this one it came with them. I did buy a little add on so that I can connect it to my computer but that's not required. This little tool works great. The camera is tiny and easy to hide, the other day my brother was looking for it (he knew the general location of it AND watched the screen that the camera was broadcasting to.) but after an hour of searching could not find it. It works great.The Bad- Only downside is like all cameras, they need a power supply. 9 volt batteries work well but are drained fast. I recommended doing what I did by grabbing (buying) a 10 foot extension cord and just plugging it in to that. If you are smart enough to hide the cord well it works pretty well.The Ugly- The signal takes a little tuning to get to the right frequency and for a perfect no distortion image, it needs to be fine tuned about every couple hours. But if you get in the general area where you can get the full color (doesn't take long, maybe 10 seconds) and audio it would rarely need to be tuned if at all.Great camera for the price and I am defiantly buying a couple more...::Luop::5.0::February 21, 2013
RSH1YR6T3XKCN::Works Great!::I love it. Hooked it up to my computer, adjusted the receiver and started recording. I would recommend it to anyone needing covert home security.::Paul Homer::5.0::February 17, 2013
RGBSIU1WNO7MZ::Great Surveillance Mini Camera::This mini camera works great! I have an outdoor power outlet with a flap over it. I connected the ac adapter to it and hot glued the mini cam to the side of the wall pointing at my front door. So far I've had it sitting outside connected to the power outlet for almost a week and it works perfectly! I live in Massachusetts so it gets really cold and it snows and this mini camera works like a charm. Its connected to my tv and I don't really have to tune it much. I just tune it to the camera and keep the settings as they are. Whenever there is someone at the door I just simply switch my tv to AV mode to see who it is. It is about 35 feet from my tv that the receiver is connected to The picture is surprisingly really good, especially for being under $25.So what I recommend when using this mini cam.-Make sure it is stationary! I used hot glue which comes off it very easily but the bond lasts when untouched. Plus I can move it anywhere (as long there is an outlet) MiniCam does fine in hot or cold weather.-Keep the receive on a nice flat surface and tune it to the right settings and just leave it as is. (you might need to tune it a little bit once in a while. You should not mess with it to much cause you will find it very frustrating.::Josh Tagle::5.0::February 8, 2013
RKO5N5SF9D0OY::For what I paid, can't be unsatisfied.::For the price? Unbeatable. Took a little tuning on the receiver, but after that, works very well. The price is way lower than anything else.::Michael Desrosiers::5.0::January 11, 2013
R2CAYCM090WV0Q::Wrong power adapter, Unreliable seller::This product arrived with a document that said it included "DC 9V 500MA" power adaptor for the receiver and a "DC 9V 200 MA" adaptor for the camera.  But the package actually contained 2 "500 MA" adaptors.  Having read another review of this product by one who found that the camera overheated when connected to the adaptor, I contacted the seller through Amazon, reported the package's lack of a 200 MA adaptor for the camera and asked that they send me one.  I got a response from "uTrusted" saying they would send me one.  They didn't, and did not reply to my further emails asking about it.  I think this seller is unreliable and recommend that you not deal with it.::Robert P. Roberts::1.0::November 16, 2012
ROXEFFK61LHPX::Amazing for the price::I received the camera/DVR and in a few minutes I was testing its capability. It is almost exactly what I was wanting. You can set it up to record still photos or video. Both formats can be set to record images only when something moves into the motion detection range which is about 30 feet.  I would like it to be further but this seems to be the norm for systems of this type. I also would like to see a camera with about 600 lines of definition for a somewhat sharper picture. I'm trying to catch mailbox vandals and the present camera cannot clearly read car license plates beyond about 30 feet. The radio transmitter part imbedded in the camera simply amazes me. It easily and instantaneously transmits the pictures/video from the camera to the DVR 200 hundred feet away and with an additional hi-gain directional antenna I just happened to have on hand that range has been extended to over 600 feet. The SD card makes it very easy to view the images on my computer.  Very nice setup for just over $100.00::Sam Garnett::5.0::September 4, 2012
R216QEDNLPJCD8::2.4Ghz interference::For the price, this is actually a really good deal for a color wireless security camera.The problem I had with it is that any wireless devices using 2.4Ghz in the area cause interference with the wireless video signal.  The receiver is so sensitive that my wifi router and even a neighbors cordless phone create enough interference to make the image difficult to see on the TV-monitor.It actually works perfectly, and the video signal is clear, when used in the middle of a field away from other electronics.Do not buy unless it is to be the only 2.4Ghz wireless device within a few hundred feet.::Cade Klock::4.0::August 30, 2012
R2FFLOACOI0O85::C me C u::This little item is terrific it works like a charm and has clear picture to a monitor. It is nice and small and nice and cheap to play detective or keep an eyeball on your ride or anything that you want to.::DodgeD::5.0::August 17, 2012
RR2V3NJ3QZGCT::Short range wireless camera::This camera is OK for short range projects where a good clear image is not necessary to accomplish your goals (i.e. keeping track if someone is in the yard or driveway).  It comes with both an AC adapter and a 9 volt battery interface to power the camera.  If you are really in need of a camera for surveillance you are going to want something much higher end.::James F. Campbell Jr.::3.0::July 12, 2012
R3D3TUEZ16WQ1C::Great deal::Great deal, highly recommended product, just what we hoped for a basic home monitoring and very good price. Thank you!::Jorge Solera Alfaro::5.0::July 11, 2012
R3E08ULFSCWKO2::Crappy Quality::The camera has good quality when it is touching the receivers antenna, otherwise it will have lines like a scratched VHS Tape.  Not good if you want the camera upstairs and the receiver downstairs.::Evan Smith::3.0::July 6, 2012
R1PUGVPQZURFBV::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::Very good price, had bought it because I was into R/C Cars and saw people mounting these cams on them but the distance in which this still works with the receiver is not to far and if you do want to go some distance then it has to be in an open area with nothing blocking the signal. I guess I was kinda hoping more from this item but for the price I should had figured.::ThAzn1der::2.0::March 18, 2012
R1VRAVNAOLC6UV::False advertisement::The pictures show a battery connector. Which is necessary in order to make it usable anywhere as a wireless spy cam. If it is not included DO NOT ADVERTISE WITH IT IN A PICTURE!!!::Billy Nance::1.0::January 26, 2012
R3IF6BGOFJEQ9M::LIKE IT WORTH IT::I dont know why people complain on this... yes is wireless and may be affected by radio frequencies but I have it on my business and really delivers video and sound very good... and remains 24x7 on... and its been doing so for quite a while now (several months)... I recommend it affordable and reliable)::Raymondcr "Raymondcr"::4.0::January 19, 2012
R39W3D0UXU24QG::Dead on arrival::The camera was non-functional out of the package, so I returned it (at no cost to me, thank you!), and I've ordered a replacement.  Specifically, the receiver was getting a carrier wave signal from the transmitter (when I adjusted the tuning knob appropriately), but the transmitter wasn't sending any video images or audio on the carrier wave.Additionally, no 9V DC battery cable was included in the package, so I was testing this with the included AC adapters, and I noticed the camera's power connector got very hot after only a few minutes of operation, suggesting a short circuit somewhere in the camera.Since most of the other reviews for this product are good, I am assuming this was a random manufacturing error, so I am ordering another unit, and I will submit a new review when I receive it and test it.::Douglas Johnson::1.0::January 4, 2012
R2BOHGJJGTY7RP::Ordered 2 got 2 different cameras - model pictured is poor::Bought 1 that worked great, turns out it was a different model, it did not have a fine tune knob and screws or dip switches on the camera unit.  When I bought the second it had the fine tune knob and did not work.  I after trying several combinations I was able to get a bad picture when in range of a couple inches. Also the second camera (with fine tube knob) killed the wireless network. Sending the product back.First Camera (no fine tune knob) using with a DIY pan/tilt mount on a Parallax String Ray robot chassis.  Initial testing looks good so far. Easy to modify, removed original power cable (to bulky) and replaced.  Receiver appears to work on less then 9 volts, no modifications yet.  Focus can be adjusted.  Camera holder works, but bulky, replacing with DIY bracket.::Stempile::1.0::November 27, 2011
R3QRCC8AQBCBEI::Different from Advertisement::Whenever I order something I expect it to be exactly what the advertisement shows.  I ordered 2 of these cameras.  But when I opened the first box I saw the Receiver was different. The Receiver advertised here shows a pic of the Receiver with a blue highlight showing its uses 2.4GHz output frequency.  But the Receiver I was sent didn't have that blue highlight and didn't show any number of what frequency it uses.  When I tried to look in the manual, I didn't find any information on about the frequency.Another thing was the camera Antenna was different.  The ad shows the camera antenna appears to have a black plastic cover over it.  But the camera I was sent only had an exposed metal wire for the antenna.When I looked again at the ad, I also saw the box was different.  The ad shows a box Titled (WIRELESS CAMERA KIT).  The box I was sent was titled (Wireless Receiver).Next the ad shows a pic of the power cables, A/V cables and 9 volt battery clip.  I was again disappointed when I learned the box I was sent didn't include the battery clip.I can't give a review of how the camera worked, because it appears I was sent a different receiver and camera.Its possible the seller I ordered it from Amazing Tech Depot had sent me an older model of the receiver and camera.  Yesterday I dropped it off at UPS and am waiting for a refund.  When I'm refunded I plan to order the camera from a different seller.::Sione.N::2.0::November 22, 2011
R36OVYCLHSVEDJ::fraudulent advertizing::the camera is not the same as advertized..... there is no mounting bracket.... there is no 9 volt adapter... I'm sending it back....  I'd give is minus stars for wasting my time and money.  Amazon should ban this product...I wish I had read the reviews::happy happy::1.0::November 18, 2011
R3M3OAUEAWDCEQ::Didn't work::I picked out this unit opting for price and not quality. I had it overnighted for personal reasons (turns out I didn't really need it - go figure). Needless to say the video did not work. I first tried it on my pc with a special coax USB jack - didn't work. Then I tried it on my TV and that's when I knew it was defunct. I could hear the sound working but the video did not work. I made sure it was plugged in correctly everywhere and there was no film or sticker covering the lens. The highlight of this transaction was returning the product. This was the first time I returned something to amazon so I was uncertain. I just received a complete refund - the price of the product - the overnight shipping - and the shipping I paid to send it back. I'm very happy with the refund and certainly hold Amazon in good standing as an honest mega merchant site for which I will continue to prefer for my online shopping.::Ryan Andrew Freeman::2.0::November 15, 2011
R2G3P2J40S4NMD::Garbage::Mounting bracket for camera MISSING.  9 volt battery adapter MISSING.  Picture from camera to TV 3 feet away AWFUL.  What a piece of junk.  If I could give it less than one star I would::Bill S::1.0::November 14, 2011
R2BRVZ7YFPKF3I::GARBAGE::GARBAGE DONT BUY IT...TRUST ME U WILL REGRET IT...MINE STOP WORKING AFTER A MONTH U CAN HEAR SOUND BUT CANT SEE PICTURE..9 VOLT BATTERY WORKS MAYBE FOR 3 HOURS....JUST GOOD FOR SPYING IN A WELL LIT AREA....WOULDNT PAY NO MORE THAN $20 FOR IT....::CHRIS BARRY::2.0::October 4, 2011
R3NZEA0I708DJ6::didn't work!::We could n never get a clear picture on this camera no matter how much we tweaked it. My husband messed with it for hours!! sent it back the next day.::kmarie::1.0::September 19, 2011
R3PBY7A35XH8OR::Great deal for what you get::I give this 5 stars for the low price. Don't expect perfect hd video and a completley clear picture. But for under $30 you can't beat it. I use it for baby monitor.::jeffmn::5.0::September 7, 2011
R3I1W7F4KGT1PZ::Good Little Camera::This is a good little camera for what you pay.  It's not an IP camera but, if you purhase a $10 A/V to usb video capture converter, you can record it directly to your computer.  This device will infere with other wireless devices such as wireless router.::Army Paralegal "Guy F Gould"::4.0::August 28, 2011
R2TV1N5SONT9K8::Too bad reception even in the same room::I am no happy with this camera, it do not have enought range, only 7 meters, this is a bad toy; definitely a lot worse than I expected; whe i turn on 2 cameras, the second cause interference in the signal on the receiver, and is no possible to obtein good quality of signal in the receiver, i adjust de knob, but this don work very well.::cesar-k2::1.0::August 24, 2011
R1XG1V7Z3VB7KU::don't waste your money::the reciver has to be tuned in such away that all you get is mostly an image that isn't worth the money!!!!!!!It's a piece of $#!*......pranks only...::Travis J. Tuescher::1.0::August 9, 2011
R358BAUICAL2MD::Don't waste you money::It just won't sync. After 2 hours the best I could get was a extremely wavey black and white nondiscernible image. In the garbarge!::Wayne::1.0::August 7, 2011
R3UWH6O43S5CEL::Rob::I connected this little rascall up and it worked pretty much as advertized and I was about to order another one when I noticed my wireless network was down. Truth is, it works pretty good in day light but needs a lot of light to be worth its salt at nite. And if you have a wireless router forget it.::Stumper100 "ROB"::3.0::July 27, 2011
R1CG18QI5CO9RT::Extremely poor quality wireless connectivity::The wireless connectivity was extremely poor.  It only worked properly when the camera was within a few feet of the receiver.::Tanya Del Vecchio::1.0::July 26, 2011
R2Y20XOGNP5SG2::Awesome::If you are looking for a cheap and easy surveillance camera, this is the one.  I installed this to my current home security system, plugged everything in and used the receiver base.  Attached the cables into the a/v in and press record on my PVR system, Fine tuned the application and the pictures are excellent. The camera's small design makes it almost hard to miss, and the adapter makes it even better to hide because it uses a 9 volt battery.  I needed this item to help capture some trespassers and it has paid off.  The shipping is really good and I received the item in a short time and everything comes in a small compact box.  In today's age where people need proof, this is the item of choice.  the RCA jacks on the receiver makes it easy to record to any analog, PVR, DVR, DVD-rw machine or any other recording device that you may have that has RCA jacks.  I highly recommend this product::L. Haynes::5.0::July 19, 2011
R1NV5M052C50C4::nice toy::fun for hobbies. play with the kids.mount on an RC car and chase the squirrels.I think it is a stretch to advertise as a surveillance system. use it to protect your house.It is toy quality.I got it as a toy for an 11 year old. works great for that purpose.::frank::3.0::July 16, 2011
RS99V27MYRQ4E::WIFI interference::Absolutely support the  issue with this CAMERA interfering with home "802" WIFI. I lose 60% (3bars) of my FIOS WIFI signal and of course then I lose the internet connection... Not good. This unit is, by FCC requirements, not suppose to interfere with other devices. Other than the interference, I'm pleased: good color, range, and setup ease. Worth the price if you can work around the WIFI interference.::TC::3.0::June 30, 2011
R2WF1AOVHGPSUO::Price is right but you get what you pay for.::Install and power up was easy.  The camera is analog RF not digital and seemed very susceptible to interference.  Being near the receiving unit can cause reception to fail or waver.  The problem is you have to be close to the receiving unit to tune it in correctly. When the camera is on, the Wi-Fi (802.11 G) in my house became unstable until I turned the camera off.  Might be useful as a mobile pool monitor or to watch the kids on a temporary basis in bright light conditions.  Not reliable enough to use as an everyday security device.Update (2013-10-17):I did use this camera to locate the source of a suspicious smell in the walls at work.  I attached it to a yard stick with rubber bands and it worked great!::John Hale::3.0::June 27, 2011
RRVX35SRTKJ0A::Exactly what was needed::First of all, I have never received an item from any online store FASTER than I have from these guys. It was literally on my desk within 36 hours of the purchase. I didn't know it had audio, so that was a bonus. Set up took about 5 seconds - plug in, place camera, white and yellow plugs in white and yellow outlets, turn on TV to AV channel and bam - you are set. The only thing I have a issue with is the antenna  sticks straight up versus bent or perhaps hidden within the unit. Beyond that, which is hardly an issue, def a 5 star unit, I want to mount it on a remote control plane or car just to mess around.::NickName::5.0::June 26, 2011
R203BDBXSLW68A::Missing decimal point - should read 15.0 foot range.::Whether plugged in or on batteries, no matter which channel, turning off all routers and appliances, I'm only able to get about a 15' reliable range.The funny part is that by tuning the receiver, I'm able to view inside my barber's shop which is across the street and down the block.  So, at least I can see when its a good time to get a haircut without waiting.  Next time I go there I'm going to see what brand of camera THEY have and get one of those, this thing is useless.::But I'm feeling much better now...::2.0::June 20, 2011
R1GNJX634FBUAF::Not bad for 26 $::Amazon took 3 business days to get item to shipper, got here fast after that though. The reception quality on this camera is ok. I adjusted the manual tuning knob to get the max clarity and there are a couple lines here and there but nothing too bad.( No auto tuning, only manual tuning knob) The picture is very saturated, but not a deal breaker. Manual says not to mix and match wall power adapters, but their outputs are exactly the same. Silly chinamen.::BeastTundra::3.0::June 19, 2011
R1IJRBA3NUKWFT::Perfect for your front door::Nice range with great picture. The microwave does scramble the signal. Other than this it is well worth the money, but this item!::sturgil::5.0::June 5, 2011
R39Z964I0TMELR::Totally awesome for the price.. Definitely get one..::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1embeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1refresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1chiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1hiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1refresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so;	   


function cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1AMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.write("cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1flashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m3JIK79QKQL45C";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m3JIK79QKQL45C";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R39Z964I0TMELR";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m3JIK79QKQL45C/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1duration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1duration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1newHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1resetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1newHeight(h);

  cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1so.write("cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1flashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1RollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1RollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91NrikLEjCS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1preplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1preplayImageId');
if (cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1preplay) {
  cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1preplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91NrikLEjCS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1preplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91NrikLEjCS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1preplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1currentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1currentClick) {
      return cv_mo27E4FA9C4QSA1currentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 0:26 MinsI bought this little camera just because of the bad reviews.  I had to see how bad the quality of this camera could be for $30..I was expecting a lame experience and it wasnt, This little camera rocks!Its tiny for starters, the diameter of a quarter, and about the size of a small pill bottle with the stand attached. The receiver unit is small as well, about the size of a pack of cigarettes (a little bigger) and it receives audio and video via 2.4ghhz signal.  It has an old fashioned knob style tuning which is really cool i think.  You will get interference from internet routers and other 2.4 ghz wireless devices.  This camera does not have night vision so you cant see anything at night with it.  You can buy LED illuminators if need be.I plugged this thing into my front door area and i can see halfway down the block, i can clearly see people on the sidewalk and make and model of cars drving down my street.  yeah this wont look great when viewed on your 52" LCD TV, but for home security on the cheap, this can't be beat.  I'm buying 4 more this week i love them so much...In the video, you can hear the audio and see the slight interference in the video due to my router.  The camera is looking through my metal screen door and you can still see things clearly.  The further the camera is from the base unit the worse this gets.  In the video the distance from the cam to the base unit is about 10 feet.  but i put this camera at my neighbors house to test distance and i can clearly see the camera, even with interference, so i'm SUPER please with this little camera.::DutchBreeze "its windy..."::4.0::June 1, 2011
R17F976R8K689M::Caught in the act!!::This camera is grate! We had a major problem with dog's urinating and doing there buisness near our apartment door, the smells were getting very bad and we could not prove who's dog was doing it, well, the camera tells the truth and we finally were able to catch the dog and his owner who was allowing his dog to do this in our hallway and onto the carpet! Now we have fresh smelling carpet and we have peace of mind!::California::5.0::May 8, 2011
RTID34TVLOFH3::Cheap use for backup cam::I bought this camera as a cheaper way to use as a backup camera for my car. since i already had a small 7in. tv screen with A/V input capabilities i decided it was a good plan. I cut the wires of the wall power cord for the camera and added a resister, wired it into my car's electrical system, installed a main power swited at the driver's seat and WALLA. Backup cam with an extra feature (SOUND). good deal i say. haha, im a do it yourself person and with that, i get the chance to choose how good i want things to be. So, i am greatly enjoying this product. When I get too close to backing up into little old ladies i can hear them making shocking sounds, givning me the hint that I need not backup anymore. What can i say, they make cars soo sound proof this sound camera is well needed ;)::DaVil::5.0::February 27, 2011
R3NPJ97WZ5Q5NR::Nothing but a toy::I purchased this product for surveillance purposes but I guess I should have purchase something more expensive.1. The video is fine if there are no obstacles (like a closed door) between camera and receiver.2. This product needs a lot of light in order for you to recognize a face. i.e - a lampshade at night may not be sufficient enough for a good resolution.3. Concealing the camera for surveillance purposes is NOT a good idea. Signal from the camera is not that strong.4. Camera casing is flimsy. NOT FOR OUTSIDE INSTALLATION. Cheap construction, IMHOSo what's good about this wireless cam??1. PRICE! Very cheap. Can make a great toy for kids! (which is what my camera is bound to be).::Metalshark::2.0::January 10, 2011
RZC5NI6SRVVUO::Disables my macbook's WiFi and uses batteries at an insane rate::I have this camera mounted about 10 ft from the front door, focused on the bird feeder so that my visually challenged parents can better see what birds visit the feeder. When plugged in, or when using a 9V battery, my macbook's WiFi no longer works. As soon as I unplug the camera, the Wifi works again.Otherwise, I like the camera okay considering the affordable price. Video quality is decent.BATTERY HOG. Unless you have a rechargeable 9V battery and are willing to recharge it every day, OR can afford to use a new disposable 9V EVERY DAY and don't care about the environment; then battery power is not an option, so plan on plugging it in to the wall socket or using a solar panel to power it. The specs state that the battery will only last 8 hrs, so they were honest and not deceptive; but i was hoping it wasn't true.If you have no WiFi to worry about, and AC power readily available, then it's a nice little camera for the price.::John P::3.0::November 19, 2010
R2ZO3PGWNSL8MF::Not much more than a toy.::The camera is very small - a 3/4" cube - but it is permanently attached to a mount.  It has a small cord that can be used to plug into the 9 volt battery connector or a power supply.  One of each is included, so you can decide whether you want the camera to be on batteries or the receiver.The receiver is a lightweight box - weighs less than the camera and mount - with a standard RCA video and mono audio connection.  There is a light that shows power (no status on the camera) and a knob that allows you to - gently - tune in the video signal like an old style radio.In testing, my reception without obstacles was about 30 feet, less with walls in the way.  There was a lot of interference and loss of sync.  This probably would have been better with an old TV; before loss-of-signal turned to static rather than just turning the screen blue.  Even when I had the camera in a static position, I found I had to frequently fine tune to keep the picture halfway stable.I had planned to test this as a "doorbell cam", but I ended up just attaching it to my son's R/C car and we had fun looking around the house - fuzzy, blinking picture and all - and imagined we were driving one of the rovers on Mars.::Robert C. Francis "radioflyer6"::2.0::June 30, 2010
RV0Z7IOQKRAVO::Couldn't have asked for better service!::I gotta say, I am extremely impressed with not just the product itself... but I'm extremely impressed with the incredibly quick shipping!  I received my order after 4 days of ordering!  Now thats what I call service!!As for the product itself, works better than I thought it would.  Camera has excellent picture quality and is extremely easy to install/setup.The only complaint that I DO HAVE about this particular product.. is the 'EASYCAP 2.0' software that came with the EasyCap USB recorder.. which I also ordered along with the security camera.  The cd that comes with the USB EASYCAP 2.0 - well, to put it nicely.. the cd is absolutely BLANK.  There is ABSOLUTELY NO DATA on the disc.  I know this for a fact because I know what I'm doing whenever it comes to electronics.. especially computers.. as I have several Microsoft certificates under my belt.Other than that... everything else is great!  Camera works way better than I figured it would.. excellent picture on the screen.. just an overall great product considering its low price.If your on a tight budget like I am currently on.. this is absolutely, by far, the best 'BANG FOR YOUR BUCK' in my opinion!  Highly recommend it!::hogwildmike::5.0::November 22, 2011
R372C7J83BRFE7::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::I purchased this item from Amazon.com and it is a great product.  It does what I wanted it to do.  Sometimes there will be a few lines on the screen when I have it hooked to my TV, but that is only when I get betweeen the camera and receiver.  It was easy to install right out of the box.  The color is good and the sound is good and it has a good picture over all.  I held the camera towards the parking lot from my 12th floor apartment and could see the parking lot very good and could see everything far in the distance.  This is a great product.  When I have my curtains shut you can't see the picture as good as when they are open or when I have a light on so it needs a little light for the picture, but this is expected.  I use the camera to film the door of my apartment.  I just turn it on and then put a tape in the VCR (anybody use a VCR anymore) that is built into my TV and set it to record.  When I come home I turn the camera off and rewind the tape and then fast foward through it and that way can tell if anybody been in my apartment when I was gone.  This little camera and receiver works good and I would say if you have a use for it go ahead and get it.  I believe you will be very satisfied.  I give it 4 stars just because of the reception when you walk betweeen the camera and receiver, but I have it set where I don't walk between them.  Haven't tried using it with the camera in one room and the receiver in another so I don't know how that works, but I read reviews before buying it and those people said it works good when you do.  I like it and think you will too if you get it.  I would also buy more products from Amazon because I got it when they said it would arrive and was able to track the product while it was being shipped.  Great product and a great company.  If you are thinking about getting this little camera and receiver I would say, go fo it.  I forgot.  When I got the camera I first hooked it to the peephole in my door and was able to see what was on the other side of the door.  This worked very good.  Could see it on the TV better than when I just look through the peephole with my eye.Terry::Terry::4.0::August 6, 2011
RJ1FNVFJY3YBH::Great for the Money::I recently purchased this product and it's not bad for the money. The camera and transmitter unit is smaller than I expected it to be and it's great that it can be powered by AC or 9v battery. The joints are rivets so they might wear out after a few uses. Antenna is bendable for flexible mounting/installation. There is exposed metal between the connector of the AC adapter and the connector on the camera unit that may shock you if you use the adapter. Tuning isn't that big of a deal, but this camera took my wireless network down. Overall, this camera is a good buy for the money. If you're looking for something more professional, be prepared to invest some more money.::JT::3.0::February 5, 2009
R1JMU0XYZJERK9::ITEM IS NOT THE SAME AS IT APPEAR ON THE SITE::ITEM IS NOT THE SAME AS IT APPEAR ON THE SITE. BOX IS TOTALLY DIFFERENT. DID NOT COME WITH BRACKET AS STATED.  RECEIVER & AC FOR RECEIVER DID NOT COME WITH CAMERA AS STATED. AS A RESULT IT COULD NOT BE USED. NO BLUE LOGO ON ITEM. I NEED PURCHASE RECEIVER WITH AC DEVICE WAS SOLD BY 'PINECOM'. I DISAPPOINTED BY CUSTOMER. WILL DO A FINAL FEEDBACK ON THIS ITEM.::Aleksandr, Russia::1.0::February 16, 2011
R32BCQW666K61Q::Low light resolution is poor::This camera is pretty good. Setup is very easy. I had it mounted and working in minutes.The only downside is the low light performance is a bit lacking. There are two small horizontal lines on mine, as highlighted by one of the other reviewers. They scan upwards and do not interfere with the functionality as a security cam.The mount tilts up/down only. But it's easily bent left/right and holds its place well, due to it's low weight.::Shooter McGavin::4.0::August 30, 2008
R15FNE746AP4RQ::Peice of junk camera::This camera was a peice of junk would never tell someone to buy this itiemMakes noise, Picture cuts in and out , Just junk stay away::azcardinalfan1::1.0::April 27, 2011
R1BSFW20J3R2H3::Super blurry video :[::I bought this because of the reviews and my experience is totally the opposite :[ I was very disappointed. The video was so blurry you cant make out what was being video'd not to mention if the router is not a few inches close to the camera it will not get a signal :[ Not worth a penny as far as im concerned. Sorry just being honest.::piamomia::1.0::January 9, 2011
R1E2YM95ROZTWQ::mini wireless camera::I hate this product, I didn't even used it because it's not properly working. I did all the best that I can to make it work by adjusting the frequency, turned-on the switches on the back of the camera but still there's no improvement. Don't waste your money for this item.I'm not sure if mine is defective but honestly I have a bad experience for this.::hawaiiguy::1.0::November 22, 2011
R3KICUE0CL8QGK::OK unless you have a wireless router that you want to continue using.::Bought this as basically a neat gadget because it was so inexpensive.  Figured I could use it to keep an eye on my car in the parking lot or something.  However, despite trying to change the settings, the transmitter kills my wireless network when I try to use it.  I mean if I have the camera plugged in, my wireless internet is completely unresponsive.  If you're using this somewhere that you also want to use a 2.4 Ghz wireless internet network, do your homework first.  Use a different system (either 900 Mhz or 5.8 Ghz) that won't ruin your wireless internet network.  They should put a disclaimer on it, hence my low rating.  Otherwise, it works as well as expected for a product at this price point.  I got two AC adapters which are identical and one 9v adapter as advertised.Overall, buy this only if you don't plan on using wireless internet at the same time.::abc123::2.0::November 6, 2011
R39Z9KO9345ZJQ::Nice Product::Nice product.  Very easy to use with a clear picture and clear sound.  Small enough to spy if you wanted to even though it is not what I used it for I imagine it would be very easy to...  Kinda creeps me out thinking about it...  How many times have I been spied on and don't even know about it....  You never know, you know..........::CrMMaJ9::5.0::May 27, 2014
R1HCGIT3FLCAHE::Good picture at close range::Unit has a good picture at close range, it is capable of running on 9 volt battery, battery has a very short life, around 4 hours.  Can't use multiple units in close proximity, they interfere with each other.m::Joe Crump::2.0::May 18, 2014
RIULL4NUUK1LH::Battery adapter doesn't work::It barely runs on a full charged battery, and the range is severely limited.  It is old technology, and there are other great options out there.  It would be a decent very low res "spy-cam" if it had a stronger battery.::B. Griffith::2.0::May 12, 2014
R2M9ZWAIUKBMXV::no good::i got this mini wireless color camera with microphone. so i can see who is around my garage when I'm working or washing or drying my clothes.. i hooked it up how the instructions said .i also adjusted tuning like it said and it work for about 30 seconds and after that it was more of a pain.just to try to get it to work.so i would like to tell everyone not to get this.so don't wast your time people.::Amberc1991::1.0::May 5, 2014
R1A7PQ28025M8I::hated it::it sucks and doesn't give out good feed, was expected more but it not what i thought it was. l::Rubens::1.0::May 1, 2014
R1URJ5UH68WDBV::Too Hard to Connect::Its way too hard to make a connection. If and when you do if the thing is moved on a RC vehicle or something it loses its signal.They were cheep so I have 3 of them all work the same, lousy.::William Foster::2.0::April 28, 2014
R1E6FT4AL32DHG::aay::it has short cord. camera is ok but it has no thing that can hold the camera so you can not fix it or hang it.::antonio sy::4.0::April 12, 2014
R39T6XZARQB48B::Not sure::Camera i got sent wasn't the product show in pic it wa ls a another brand i previous order 2yrs ago which works better than the new it's frequency it's hard to come in and on a newer model lat screen shows dark but day time is great::lafonso Washington::3.0::April 5, 2014
R1JYTC0XR6ETUI::MINI WIRELESS CAMERA::PICTURE IS NOT SHARP... AUDIO  IS SCRATCHY  WOULD THINK TWICE BEFORE BUYING  WORKS WITH VERY LIMITED SUCCESS  BETTER LOOK ELSEWHERE::JERRY::2.0::April 4, 2014
R2IH1SP3UTH8D3::great deal for a cheap price::The camera worked very well..I never expected a camera like this to work so good. I would tell any one to buy this camera if they are looking for a good deal at a low price.::tom, hartwell,ga::5.0::April 4, 2014
R2JPR23ZIWZ2A6::It works just fine::I ordered this for my little brothers school science project and it arrived very soon; sooner than expected! he loved it and he got an awesome A in his project thank you again!!!::mariela velez::5.0::April 1, 2014
R142US32L1I6S4::Decent Product for the price::Works finegood enought for the pricefor electronic projects, this is very reliableif you are looking for a profesional camera, this is not for you::fortran37::4.0::March 31, 2014
RO3HO29RKN1SN::GARBAGE!!!!! SAVE YUR MONEY::THE DOCUMENT THAT CAME WITH THE DEVICE READ THAT IT IS 1972 TECHNOLOGY. THE CAMERA WAS ALMOST VISABLE IF IT WAS LESS THAN 10 FEET FROM THE RECEIVER WITH ALL THE LIGHTS ON AND WINDOWS OPEN. BUY A MORE UP TO DATE, MORE EXPENSIVE SYSTEM.::C. Schuler::1.0::March 21, 2014
R34A29ET0AEVLW::To catch a thief::I installed this discreet camera on a piece of cardboard which was inconspicuously close to our cash register.  The morning after I installed we immediately  got evidence that one of our employees was stealing money from our register. I used windows movie maker initially, but there are better surveillance software.  Best $20 ever spent.::S. Chbeir "bargain hunter"::5.0::March 19, 2014
R34Y7A1JQOMZ50::Doesn't play well with wifi.::I live in a wifi rich environment and this unit uses the same 2.4ghz bands as wifi so i wasn't able to get good/clear reception with it. It did seem to work better when i got away from the wifi. The picture was nice and clear and tuning was relatively easy, I just don't see using it anywhere there is wifi.::Seth::2.0::March 18, 2014
R3A9APXD9WLOM::Just No::Wasted my time trying to get it to work. Picture was grainy(when it was see able at all), had no color, and no sound. Ended up using it for spare parts.::The Reader::1.0::March 16, 2014
R29X2LCL9S3DO1::Great Color and Easy to Hide.::Its a great camera with great color and sound, the only problem is that the tuning is a little hard to focus other than that its a great deal.::Trey Baumgartner::4.0::March 13, 2014
R2UOD8XK4KPO37::camera::Because it did exactly what I wanted . I'm using it in my pool area. It is small so that it can be hidden.::Robert Gibson::5.0::March 12, 2014
R1QNH3UX9GR6ON::Surprise! It really does work....::I had pretty low expectations for a 25 buck wireless camera, but surprising enough, this one does work.Two rooms away, I was able to get a decent picture with good enough sound to be passable.It is very subject to interferance, and the fine tune on the receiver needs to be even finer tune.  A mere breath on the knob will knock it off frequency.  But like I said, it does work.  It also comes with both transformers and the cables for sound and video, it just doesn't show them in the picture.  For the price, it's a pretty good deal.::Griz44Mag "Griz44Mag"::3.0::February 20, 2014
R1ZQI7O6Y2ZU4O::mini wireless camera::I would not recommend this product to anyone. It did not meet with my expectations and was not in color as described in the package. There were vertical rolls across the television screen after it was installed.::Harmony::2.0::February 18, 2014
R64CCKDGBHS6J::Mini Wireless Camera::Not of the highest quality, but, a very workable little piece of electronics. For a small area, this is a pretty good item.::Don Morgan::4.0::February 16, 2014
RCTJGSPS0WM5O::wireless camera::it works like it should I am very pleased with the camera I would recommend it to any one it is dependeable::chuck devore::5.0::February 15, 2014
R2QGOV2BNB3BF8::It Works!!::The Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone works good.  I have no problem with it because it works, I just wish I could get a longer distance from the camera to the DVR.::Ruso Minnifield "PrinceHappy2"::4.0::February 15, 2014
R1PW2WE4SEZULK::WIRELESS COLOR CAMERA::THE CAMERA DIDN'T COME WITH A BASE. I HAD TO MAKE ONE. OTHERWISE IS WORKS GREAT.  THE PICTURE SHOWS THE CAMERA WITH A BASE, BUT IT DIDN'T COME THAT WAY::William Urfer::3.0::February 11, 2014
R3NI01FF1TJCWY::Get what you pay for::It may be ok for close range low res vid but its not a very good unit @ all. Best to spend a little extra and buy a better unit for your project.::Louis Carter::1.0::February 10, 2014
R2CELQ7Y1TXFEH::good bang for the buck::We got this to integrate with the Snap Circuit rover, after we found out the remote control for that device has a pretty good range. We were able to control it from the second floor of the house, and drive it all over the first floor. The image was fairly clear, with only occasional interference (most likely due to all the electronics in the house). Happy with the range, the power supplies and the view. It may not be HD, but for what you pay, it's pretty good.::R::5.0::February 7, 2014
R1LUJ373JPYUUJ::Dont::did not work at all tried it on 3 deferent TVs,s  sending it back. I was really disappointed as my wired one of 6 yr,s recently died::Amazon Customer::1.0::February 7, 2014
R36WKT1HY48HVV::Does not work!!::This camera worked for about 45 seconds then the camera gets extremely hot (to the point where it even burned my finger). After the camera heats up, the only thing you can see is a great screen.Do not waist your money on this awful camera!::Stephen::1.0::February 3, 2014
R15KY0Y3PR69UN::Low range, too heavy with battery.::The range is too short and the 9V battery it needs is to heavy to be utilized by most rc helicopters and quad copters as my syma x1 couldn't get off the ground with the camera and battery strapped in.::Pen Name::3.0::February 3, 2014
RU3I91Z327M0B::Not Quite as Pictured::Having used several of these cams in the past from other sources, I was excited to find one that was pictured with a stand for the camera. Unfortunately, that was not the case, nor can a stand be used as the output cable from the camera is on the bottom which leaves no room for a stand. The unit works well, just be aware that you will have to find someway to hold it in place.::M. Moeller "Mickey M."::4.0::January 31, 2014
R77US4I5QX8UN::not bad but not real good::Was decent. Audio not very good. Got it for work, lost signal going through two metal walls. Went from color to b&w; through one metal wall. If you can use at close range at would be good. But kind of defeats wireless purpose. Not bad for price.::Kandy Ouint::3.0::January 26, 2014
RZ2UAXNJQEZNM::junk::Have to keep the camera close to the receiver, after a while kept lossing signalrequires bright light to even show what little video i did have......junk. amazon good at selling junkbut easy to return, just a big hassel::michael::1.0::January 20, 2014
R33RIDESRFHOFW::cute!!::camera works o k if u don't have a router in your home!! plus you don't get camera stand as shown on order app.!!! u need stand or bracket to hold in place! sort of a ripoff !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!::joseph sabba jr::3.0::January 18, 2014
R28VP6ODRXH6XJ::Bad Reception::The reception is a little bad, hardly wants to keep the image on the screen, and the audio does not work it says it has a mic, but really I think it's just a hole where the mic should be.::Alexander Stidem::3.0::January 11, 2014
R32KUAFEB202QN::it works::purchased this to keep an eye on my garage the cam it self gets really hot and has static even when you fine tune it. again its just ok. works but barely.::Cryptr::3.0::January 2, 2014
R2RNKP1RX3FBRY::Mini wireless camera - great product::I enjoy the product and the applications it can be used for, it is very ease to use and install.::MECHEDU::5.0::January 1, 2014
R15NHZRPA0616B::adequate for very basic use::Works pretty much as expected. Not great video quality, but in line with such a small and basic camera. Wireless function is adequate and does provide coverage from room to room. Sound function does pickup adeaqutely.::Gomco::4.0::December 31, 2013
R3C7X79ERKAZXW::wonderful  for anything up to 25 feet  away::absolutely love this product..  the camera is small enough to conceal at the entrance of your home  or anywhere.  not recommended on entertainment center areas with many other electronic devices due to interference  of picture and sound. I am currently using it it as a monitor for my disabled mother::joel olsen::5.0::December 24, 2013
R3UHUUX5685HID::waste of money::Nice try but no cigar.  Claims to have an adjustable lens but is not.  made everything look green, and the connection was very shotty.  I used it to attach to my peephole on my dorm room door 2 years ago, did not work.::tim::2.0::December 21, 2013
R27UD6F1B931NA::Bad system::Returned for refund. Camera was not in color, transmitted poorly at best. Controls were very sensitive, picture was very bad. Save your time and money.::roy harlow::1.0::December 21, 2013
RANRW0P630603::good pic::this has a good pic once you get it adjusted but the sound is poor,  hard to tell what you are hearing because it is mostly static.  still not a bad product for the price.::HEARTHSPUN::4.0::December 19, 2013
R960UOGNL9RJ3::Great camera::I picked this unit after much research, For the price, it's fantastic!However, signal strength fell off a few meter away. I used a variety of 9Vs and the life power batt is ending fast.::yskander flores::4.0::December 18, 2013
R1H27726LWB74P::Don't be stupid, buying this useless trash!::Looking like professional, in fact, hardly can get up to amateur quality. For your $30 hard earned money you deserve much better product.  Camera itself is of low resolution, blurring lens, with at least 2 seconds delay in transfer between receiver at the distance of 3 feet , narrow scope of vision. Receiver, who have don this might be was making a joke, transfers noise and interferences without an external source, do not expect any acceptable audio quality. More sensitive tuning  should be installed,  it is really hemorrhoid work to find your cameras signal.Those who sells this garbage do not deserve any respect in online business world.::Victor::1.0::December 17, 2013
R1DYHWFBYJMB21::Good Value!!!::I am giving this 5 stars because it is exactly what I expected for the price. It worked upon arrival the video quality is crappy so is the sound, but hey it works and it's in color! It kind of was a pain to set up on a newer TV because my TV would just say "no signal" instead of displaying static as I was trying to tune it. But eventually I found the sweet spot and the image popped up on my screen. Honestly for under 25 bucks you cant go wrong. Would make an excellent baby monitor, door step cam or use it on an RC car something. I've seen reviews where wireless controllers have caused interference but I nothing like that happen with my PS3.::David Alexander Edwards::5.0::December 12, 2013
R3I1XROPV9D0P1::Sends out poor images::Returned soon after I received it. Would not send clear images to the receiver. Never did get any sound with it.::Ted Weissgerber::2.0::December 8, 2013
RUZ970M9Z98RW::Never Worked Properly::Product did not work from the moment it was hooked up. Never contacted seller as it seemed a waste of time and just not productive. Antenna did work from five feet away, let alone from another room. Caveat Emptor.::Mal Tempo::1.0::December 7, 2013
R38VQKHA93NVCT::Bad picture quality, even worse data transmission::I should have paid attention and listened to the bad reviews, the picture quality is pretty bad, and the transmission is terrible. It cannot transmit without problems more than 5 feet with direct sight. And if something is blocking it, not a chance.::Liana M. Watson::2.0::December 4, 2013
R2ILR7QLTJU4GX::Great!::Perfect camera for pricing!Audio and video work great! Most cameras do not go far wirelessly unless connected to the internet, I was honestly surprised when it worked as stated.::Andrew E.::5.0::November 28, 2013
R1TU7Z5DYT90HG::not worth spending your money on.. stay far away from this product::item never worked, .. did not turn on, no on off switch... no return address that comes with the warrenty.. i guess you get what you pay for...::john montalbano::1.0::November 24, 2013
RHM2IPSCCJX9M::waste of our money::not very user friendly. difficult to set up and couldn't return it. did not perform as it was described. we were not impressed.::philip burrell::2.0::November 23, 2013
R11PB13DRFMHI3::Worked like a charm.::I am not normally a distrusting person.  I like to give everyone the benefit of the doubt but occasionally something happens and I question myself.  The reason I purchased this was because money seemed to be disappearing from my kids piggy banks.  The kids claimed they didn't spend the money, my wife and I would both starve before we took any of their money and the babysitter said she had no idea there was money in them at all.  So, I purchased the camera, without the knowledge of anyone else, since I know that I wasn't taking the money.  Placed it in such a way that it was nearly impossible to see it and then started my surveillance.  First, I gave the kids their allowance and told them to put it in their banks.  I did this just before the babysitter left for the day.  Monitored it for nearly a week and got nothing.  Again, allowance day, I gave the money and told them to put it in their banks and monitored.  2 days later, I caught the babysitter taking money out of each of the banks.  When I confronted her about it, she said she didn't do it.  When I showed her the video, she told me that I had no right to do that to her.  For which I fired her and am taking her to small claims court to get back the money she owes to my children.  I am glad I got this camera.::Jerry Helsing "jlhelsing"::5.0::November 20, 2013
R2KP4LN3Y6ZA7U::bad picture::picture comes in whitish, and blurry overheats and doesn't even really look like whats pictured, going to try and return..::lynn::1.0::November 19, 2013
R1IJQE9WC6MNCE::mini camera::All 4 worked cameras and TX's and RX's perfectly. The price was good as well. Happy with the purchase here.::Hi-I-buy::5.0::November 19, 2013
RVMXJSUF4E3R3::Poor quality::It doesn't have very good reception and blacks out a lot. I guess you get what you paid for. It did come in handy when I wanted to find out which one of my dogs was tearing apart my house when I was at work. But don't expect if someone breaks into your house for the video to be clear enough to identify them.::Rebecca::2.0::November 17, 2013
R3SJF363HE9S9I::Lots of room for improvement::Works but the resolution was very poor in any light. And of course do not go too far from the camera with the reciever.::Debo::2.0::November 17, 2013
R2CQ4AKBDPJV2T::Did not work!::This product did not work! We tried everything & it wouldn't even turn on! and when it did finally turn on the screen was all black and you couldn't see anything! NOT worth buying!!::Mariana Ruiz::1.0::October 30, 2013
RJPRQ18EFWNI6::Not too clear::I bought one of these earlier and it was OK.  This one has a terrible picture and no mounting bracket.::Robert Granger::3.0::October 29, 2013
R1G7F1X3TFRRY3::Let down.::Owned one like it previously, but this one is sort of disappointing.  Camera only focuses in the middle of the frame, everything around outside is fussy.  Gets the job done but not what I was expecting from it.  For the price I can't complain.::Danny Wagner::2.0::October 23, 2013
R3NBNZ51LBDOYV::Not worth the effort!::I was very disappointed in the difficulty in tuning this camera in. The first two times we turned it on we would spend 15 minutes or better gettint the camera set up. On the third time it would not come on and has not worked since. I will be requesting a refund for this product.::Susan Wheeler::1.0::October 22, 2013
R1RVSRGCENLHTI::Not as advertised::I bought this camera as an alternative to more expensive options for a nanny cam. The set up was easy enough, pretty much plug and play. Just need to tune the frequency in a little and bam, no problem. Picture quality is pretty average as expected with the budget option, however the main reason I bought this was because it shows it comes with a stand for the camera and it is supposed to have audio. So far I have heard no audio, and the camera stand is non-existent. I don't know if this was a fluke or if i simply got a different product than I ordered, however I read a couple of comments that mentioned the stand as well, so maybe I got the wrong product. All in all, not a terrible budget camera, but the picture and description should be updated if they do not intend to deliver the product exactly as advertised.::Asheli Eldridge::2.0::October 16, 2013
R2NRPT3XS2MZE2::It works kind of::I didn't buy this with the intention of it really being terrific. I read the reviews and they indicated most had at least a small issue. So to that I wasn't disappointed with the outcome. It has to transmit only a few feet from a small box I made and attached to the tree to inside the house 100ft away. It's good enough for what I'm using it for. My only real issue is that the camera itself seems to go out of tuning on its own which leaves you having to re tune the receiver after a day or so. The Picture is okay, you can see detail if what your looking at is under 15 ft or so away. It was more than good enough for seeing where the birds were causing an issue in the tree.::CJ "I'll make it work"::3.0::October 15, 2013
RSZIMHFH3PXHO::No Video or sound::I tried this camera on laptop and TV, it did not work. I got static on both but only snow on the laptop and a black screen on the TV.::smoketester::1.0::October 8, 2013
R3WUFSMWNPKMW::this is a bad camera do not buy it::this camera has very bad range and when you use it it looks like your tv screen is messed up :[::you can not know::1.0::October 8, 2013
R2D3I2AJ4L9YLH::This camera didn't work at all in my aplication.::I am not realty sure why it didn't work. It may be electrical interferance or the fact that I have it in a up and down moving aplication. The camera is only 15 feet away, but we could not tune inthe signal.::John Lacy::2.0::October 8, 2013
RDHB8PCDIZMV4::Barely works!::This camera surveillance system is of poor quality. It works but barely after you take several minutes to adjust the sensitivity. It is really hard to adjust. After you dial in the picture it works okay, but has a poor quality picture.::Bulletman::3.0::October 6, 2013
RO6Q5U85DW5G1::Good for the price... BUT::I am in the process of setting up a home DVR surveillance system. This was cheap and so I thought I would give it a try. It does what it claims. The quality of the video is as expected for this resolution. The audio is the real disappointment. Poor quality and static. The receiver distance is pretty good. I have the receiver in the basement and the camera outside pointing at the door of the house. No problem with signal strength. However, the tuner can be touchy so you have to fiddle with it a while before you get a clear signal. Overall I give it 3 stars because it does what it claims and it does it comparatively for the price. I am not going to buy another one. However, I would recommend this to someone who wants to play around with wireless surveillance to get your feet wet so to speak. I, instead, am going to buy a 700 tvl wired mini camera and see how it does. It will be more hassle setting up but I have a feeling the higher quality will be worth it.::Steve::3.0::October 4, 2013
RVXO6HKHR1K5S::I LOVE IT< BUT>>>>>..................::I absolutely Love this ,....but I accidently dropped the camera very first day I had it, and it broke, quit working!I dropped it on carpet, but BEFORE I dropped it,  it worked great!!!!I will buy another, but will super super careful NOT to accidentally drop it!::matt homer::3.0::October 2, 2013
R2J52OMPOMZGT6::Do not buy this::This camera only worked for about 10 minutes, I plugged it in and it got really hot to the point I couldn't even pick it up. Stopped working after that. Could cause a fire if it's plugged up long enough. I wouldn't recommend this camera to anyone::Erica Gowin::1.0::October 2, 2013
R118T7V4FJFS98::Good concept, so so execution::Gotta give this a 2 because of the tuning.Set up was fairly easy, but signal drifts with time.Camera resolution is low, and view angle is about 90 deg at most.NO night vision.I had high hopes, but I would not buy another.::Roger M::2.0::September 24, 2013
R2OC156Q3LA8DF::it works great.::this camera works great and for the price I will recommend it.it's so tiny you can place it almost anywhere.::Marco::5.0::September 21, 2013
RVP66R93VDTMP::Package arrived on time, But the receiver was damaged::save your money, not worth the postage to get it to you why do they want people to type all this extra crap::Tab Foust::1.0::September 15, 2013
R2EY5GBS9DXFM8::Reviews don't lie::I should have headed the warnings from other reviews. I received the item and hooked it right up and got it tuned in. It worked OK for about 4 minutes then the picture became dull and faded. I unhooked everything and tried again and got the same results. I picked up the camera and it was almost to hot to hold. After further testing and working with it, I found that it seemed that the camera would heat up way more than normal..thus the cause for the dull and faded video. Sent it back with no trouble.::Scott::1.0::September 12, 2013
R3B7XEFM22659N::It does what it says::The only thing I would say negative about this product is the range is very limited, 50mW will not go far, however for my application, to provide a wireless video feed from the hen house and hen run, it works perfectly and I will be uploading some screen shots.I have 2 running, neither interfere with each other and are not interfered with from the 2.4Ghz wireless router, if it happens just change the channel on your router setup.::Bob::5.0::September 9, 2013
R2149WM5ZQUGEA::It works but....::Like a lot of the other reviews stated, the video quality is not great, but I wasn't looking for great so that's fine. If you are looking for great video, you do not need to be looking in the cheap section.::NoNoBaddog::4.0::September 2, 2013
R3JFWMY4EKK5M3::Overheats quickly::The camera is excellent for about 15 minutes, until it warms up. Then, the tuning drifts on the receiver and the image becomes a very poor one.::R. Loe::1.0::August 30, 2013
RN7PG4DSA9NK1::Get what you pay for !!!!!::Camera picture quality and color is very poor and barely transmits signal 25 feet away even with line of sight and the reciever tuner is very very touchy.I didnt pay much so I guess I shouldnt expect much.::steve::2.0::August 29, 2013
R15PA1A9RMLQWH::mini wireless color camera with microphone::didn't like it. it's not color like they say in the instructions. it gets to hot. control knob wasn't working like another one that bought different brand.::oscar perez::2.0::August 26, 2013
R2F1JUD73MZY5M::it's not like the camera in the picture::the picture in the website did not match the real because the camera in the picture has something to stand on it sounds like metal but the real one that I receive it's not the sameand the receiver has a lot of noise like an old televisionI don't recommend this cam at all::Islam Elzarrouk::2.0::August 25, 2013
R2SO8V43AUGQKK::no instructions::the item did not come with any instructions. what do i do now? how do i hook up to monotor?::Zannyboy304::2.0::August 19, 2013
R1K6MTD6UH8BFY::good little cam.  really worth the price::Works great from the outside garage to the back room in the house. no trouble to keek an eye on the inside of the garage from inside the house.::George Larsen::5.0::August 17, 2013
R4D5BFO95SMCF::It 's Ok::The picture it ok. Your can't go far with this otherwise you will not get the signal. It is easy to jam.::Thy::3.0::August 12, 2013
R2RPKOTAMW6GDT::It works::The mini wireless color camera with microphone, it works but it needs better quality and the sound is not so good plus no night vision on it::Alejandro Ramirez::3.0::August 11, 2013
R18WMT5WERSBK0::Not Recommended::This Mini Wireless Color Camera was a total disappointment. I have a lot of experience working with camera systems and wireless products but there was no way I could find to make this work as advertised.The hardware looked to be well made and decent quality but once connected to the included power adapter, the camera became very hot. I connected the receiver directly to a TV and adjusted the "tuning knob" to get the best picture possible (which was very poor quality) but lost the signal at about 2 feet from the receiver (nothing in between the camera and receiver except air).Perhaps I got a bad unit but looking at all of the other reviews leads me to believe this is a real "hit or miss" product. I returned the unit for a refund (really easy, thanks Amazon!).Not Recommended!CFH::C. Hill "CFH"::1.0::August 8, 2013
R21Q9W84J3CJG2::Camera Gets VERY HOT. Hard to mount. Cloudy picture.::I swear the picture turned cloudy about 5 minutes after operation from the heat of this camera. Very close to being too hot to handle. The picture quality was good for the price. I do not expect much out of a $23 wireless camera, although a wider viewing angle would be nice. Lack of a mount makes it pretty hard to place and the signal from the camera to the receiver is not always clear.::A. Brody "Concerned Consumer"::3.0::July 17, 2013
R2B9UYOPC6XRVW::gets hot quick::Works, It does show a picture and such wirelessly The camera did get hot within about 5 minutes of testing so I feel like some modifications are in order.::Daniel Johnston::5.0::July 14, 2013
R1IUQXQ8111RWJ::Do Not Buy!!!::I purchased this camera for a little project I was working on, and was hopeful that it would work. It did not, I gave it many tries and shots but the camera did not work at all. It actually got really hot though...::B. Sharnick "B. Sharnick"::1.0::July 9, 2013
R3OH0UBFL4D7AK::Mini Wirless Camera::For it's size and cost better than the VideoSecu 2.4ghz that I bought. Surprisingly good for a small security job.::Hella Bell::4.0::July 9, 2013
R1WVVC9XB7218A::decent::Works well just not at long distance or if u don't have a line of vison to receiver great price for what u do get though::JAYDOGG::3.0::July 8, 2013
R1S093TF2SF2FO::absolute chunk::absolute chunk. barely works no way to mount it other than glueing it to wall .wire comes out the bottom so you cant even set it on a table camera gets very hot.lots of interferance with sound returning to company::peter dean::1.0::July 6, 2013
R1ZMH8DZZXD1SX::Camera::This camera was simple to set up works great came on time have had it for about a month I would recommend it::Keaton::5.0::July 2, 2013
R339GHW65WEQG::mini wireless color camera with micrrophone was a headache from unboxing it.::totally inferior product for even half of retail price...wasted time,money and effort!spend a little more if you need good results::Dean C.Bridges::1.0::July 1, 2013
R3E64RLGTXH4AC::bought 2::and both cams blew within minutes only using the 9V connection, would have loved for these to work for monitoring my martins houses.Sorry uTrusted.::Daniel Wright::2.0::June 23, 2013
R356DF4QWCCRPJ::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::Piece of junk! Do not buy this product, camera piece I got was not the same as was pictured.worked for about an hour and then picture went out and I tried for hours to get it back but to no avail.changed battery 3 times!!. I might try another one but not from this seller.::C. Clark::1.0::June 22, 2013
R3L38G4MG7P2A8::Meh::Came in a timely manner. Power supply is made for European outlets so had to buy adapters. The clearest signal I was able to get, no matter how close or far the camera and receiver were from each other, was a very jumpy screen with the coloring of an old VHS tape. Maybe there was too much interference being that I can pick up 7 different wifi signals from my house (assuming this affects the device at all). Anyway I gave up. If you can get it to work like others have from what I've read then its a good buy. Oh and yea there was no stand for the camera like it shows.::Eduardo::2.0::June 22, 2013
R3R5GWFNPDP88D::Does not play well with wifi routers !::When it works - it works, but if you have a simple wifi router at home that cannot switch frequency -FORGET ABOUT IT :)Video quality is nice enough for a doorbell camera :)::R::3.0::June 20, 2013
R2KKTLP2OH0VAL::TOO DARK::CAN NOT LISTENING THE MIC.TOO DARK THE VIDEO,AND TOO DIFFICULT TO GET THE SIGN,JUST CONNECTED TO BE ALERT IN CASE I SEE A SHADOW ON THE SCREEN,::piedra::2.0::June 19, 2013
R3C6FO9PKETPJX::Fun for the Price::It works.... in sunny conditions. Pretty fun for the price tuning can be a little tricky best used pointed at outdoor spaces with full sunlight.::Amazon Jim::3.0::June 19, 2013
R1R291DLYOQ19T::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::I ordered this Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone and could not get any sound out of it. after 10 minutes of use it over heated and gave me nothing but a white screen on my monitor. and i promptly returned it.::wildroses::1.0::June 18, 2013
RAM1S6W8GUOOB::Cheap and effective.::Cannot beat the quality for the price. Works out of the box with very little distortion or loss of color. Will buy another one when this one stops working.::P. M. Leavitt "JudgeGuy"::4.0::June 17, 2013
R1Q7SWO7T2DSLV::IT DOESN'T WORK::IT WORKS JUST FOR THREE MINUTES, AFTER THAT, THE CAMERA GET HOT AND STOP WORKING, DON'T BUY THIS CAMERA IT'S A WASTE OF MONEY::abel::1.0::June 16, 2013
RYX784VZWPBMU::opinion8::So as iseen noted. Before both power supply are the same rating. Though instructions call for a (much) lower power on cam. So yes, 30seconds te cam gets warm. Less then 1 minute i unplug to keep it from frying. Pic tuned in fast enough. Though i turned of my wifi router for this test. Using a 19" hd tv pic was impressive for something i could swallow with out chewing.The short is. Prob with over powerd supply. Get me the power supply the manual calls for and i could use this with out frying it. Imgoing out tonight for the battery. Test it that way.Good pic. Beats my mp3 cam. Got sound. Easy tune in (kill wifi or move)No life span with included power supply::random12345::3.0::June 14, 2013
R1FXG9FVU2I82W::Know what you are buying here. Read my review.::The camera overheats and the color and image fades to white.  If you keep it cool with heavy cold wind it works fine.The range is around 50'(feet) with no obstetrical. Each wall with cut the distance around half its total.::Walters Family FL::3.0::June 13, 2013
R175ZB4K0V6ZS8::Barely Get What You Pay For::OK. I wasn't expecting much. This really didn't even live up to my expectations. I can't get an image as good as any of those shown even if the camera is next to the receiver -- and that's feeding the video into a high-dollar receiver and monitor. Next, even across an unobstructed room, the picture (such as it is) starts to fail at about 25' and stops altogether at about 50'. I couldn't get any sound to come out of the feed though I really didn't want sound. So, mine is a rather expensive toy/science project.::JohnM::2.0::June 12, 2013
R1NXNQ2NA09SG8::No good::Never buy this. First of all the camera gets too hot.also you need to either buy a battery or connect to electricity. And it does not reach 150 ft. Don't buy it I had to return it.waste of money.::Carmen Lopez::1.0::June 12, 2013
R8P5HPSNA2YY4::NO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!::the product did not met my expectation at all becouse a distance of not more than 20"ft  and u singal pick up nothing this is a wase of money::Shermun F.::1.0::June 1, 2013
R3BI3SIYV12PM0::easy and funny::I put over my house door to see who's knocking and it works very nice, now i know who is there::Luis Prez "pe5pe"::4.0::May 28, 2013
RMOOIDQUMS0H1::junk don't waste your money::work for about 5 min and now nothing will not connect to the camera. some things are too good to be true like a good price for a good product::Amy Russell::1.0::May 27, 2013
R17M580RR4QPXM::if it sounds too good to be true then.::as I cant give a fair rating: because I thought I did not work. had it work I probably think it would have been a great deal for the buck.::PE::3.0::May 18, 2013
R7MM75JTO1887::Not quite as good as I had hoped.::This product has some issues. It does work however the camera gets slitly hot and the signal is not all that great.::Jerry Wood Jr::3.0::May 17, 2013
R1N2IJLJUEZDF6::Very Poor Quality::Just like most of these "wireless" color cameras so often do - this one does it best. What is that? It fails at providing a clear picture (if any at all) from the camera into the converter box and then onto your screen. Honestly, even at 10 feet away without anything in between the camera and the converter box, the picture was grainy and fuzzy with multiple areas of lines squiggling throughout. It was so bad that I sent it back to Amazon.I would NOT recommend this camera to anyone for any purpose. For about ten dollars more (however not as small by any means) you can purchase an IP Camera with PTZ Technology right here on Amazon which makes much more sense.... Ahhh - hindsight is indeed twenty twenty.::Brian Williams "Brian"::1.0::May 12, 2013
RQBBVAZWC9L58::junk::Didnt expect a whole lot for under thirty bucks but this is garbage.  Almost impossible to tune.  Connectors are the flimsiest I've ever seen.  Ther's a short in the camera power supply out of the box::NEIL TASSELMYER::1.0::May 11, 2013
RTFPPOSZEMRGL::Great for the price, just dont expect to much.::The camera worked exactly as described. Almost immodestly the image on the transmitter suffered from "burn" spots. The transmitter proceeded to get very hot. The camera portion has a screw focus, which helps a lot.It still works, though with some odd discoloration around a few spots. I assume dust was on the internal imaging plate and when it got hot it created these occlusions.For such a cheap price its fine. I didn't expect a HD camera.::chrisw::3.0::May 10, 2013
R3QBIF55RF3K3I::Basically worthless::I can barely make out the picture, even with the camera in bright light and only a few feet away from the receiver.When plugged into the wall outlet, the camera gets very hot. Seems like a fire hazard.Very low-quality product. Would not recommend.::R. Hunt::1.0::May 7, 2013
R32BHHYTF2JSWU::cheap fun::Good product for the price. My kids and I play with it and works good. We recommend for cheap fun and experimenting.::Aaron Madden::5.0::May 6, 2013
R1PQECZ0X9UYST::Works well::Attached this to a remote control car. It's pretty good quality, but the range is definitely not 150 feet, so be forewarned. But its a good buy for the cost.::amazonman::4.0::May 4, 2013
R205XFP2GOTLR8::Decent::This is great for any small application.  The camera is bulkier than the pictures show.  I was hoping for smaller.  This isn't exactly going to be a spy camera because it's too big with too many cords.::Kurt Meadows::3.0::April 26, 2013
R1L5SZWV8C9JX0::Okay::Great little camera. Only con is cant record, great quality good range, just can't record verry easy to use . I'd recommend it::Jamws::4.0::April 25, 2013
R2CZISR16ABK2::Impressive!::I am so impressed with this little camera!  I have newly hatched finches in my classroom and wanted the kids to be able to see without disturbing the birds.  I was skeptical about such a low-priced camera but don't have a lot of money to spend.  The reviews were mostly favorable so I ordered one.  With a power source for the receiver and one for the camera (9-volt or plug in), I was able to send the signal across the room just fine.  I plugged the A/V cables into my document camera and was able to send the picture (and sound!) up to my big screen in the front of the room.  The camera is adjustable for up and down and has a focus ring so I could get very close and still get a nice, clear picture.  I do wear a voice enhancement microphone in the classroom.  When on, this does cause some interference when I'm right next to the camera or receiver.  The receiver has a tuning knob that easily tuned into the right frequency.  I am thrilled with this original purpose and am thinking of many more ways to use this handy little system.  I highly recommend.::Lorena::5.0::April 25, 2013
R36LDOBEA9J46N::Tested when I got it.::It was exactly as advertised. Only checked it out briefly when I got it, but have yet to incorporate into the project I'm building which is why only a 4 star at this point. If it performs as designed in the "field", then the 4 becomes a 5 star.::Michael Brinkley::4.0::April 21, 2013
R3QIUE3ZWDPT4Z::no good::pic are not good , cam simply no good it is simply not working well need a lot of light i don t like it i wish i can change it::mr international::1.0::April 18, 2013
R1M4K0EWFPPZBO::interfears with internet::Will cause other devices not to connect to internet would never buy again ever waste of money down the drain rip off::Theresa Bright::1.0::April 16, 2013
R3MS278NNHNM0C::not what I expected::it does not have enough range,will not pass thru glass,not less a wall. in open room signal is pool,mic is not clear and mount is shakey....sorry but I wasted my money ...I orderd two::Visa "batman"::2.0::April 9, 2013
R3D9HEIZ4J7B9I::camera is absolute junk::Does not even come close to it's hype or specs.,save your money and buy an infra-red game camera instead for @ 70.00.::Glemba::1.0::April 7, 2013
R36CYYWWSR61SJ::power hog::i have tried this thing out for a while now the battery function is useless it runs out of power in about 3 hours and running a power cord? so much for wireless, the transmitter is kind of sketchy and unstable always flickering the video capture device never did work wrong software vary out dated,::scott cyr::3.0::April 6, 2013
R1S4230VZGE72G::Too much interference::This camera setup would be great in the country side where there are no other electronics.  Seems to pick up interference from everything including the monitor I was using.(Sharp 40" LCD).::John Brocklesby::1.0::April 5, 2013
R2PDTSPWRKW9MA::buen producto::lo recomiendo 100% no tengo ninguna queja un producto muy bueno para ser tan economico sigan asi muchas gracias desde venezuela::ARLEY MAYO::5.0::April 4, 2013
R2WIG9M5HWEQ3U::Nice Little Camera::For the price, this camera is not bad.  It has a decent picture and sound.  The set up is pretty easy.  It did take about 10 days to be delivered.::TD176::4.0::April 1, 2013
R22ID4I5X7EUP8::The camera I bought::I thought I could hook it up to my laptop, but it is not laptop ready. it will be used though.::Seven Tomlinson::4.0::April 1, 2013
R2BC9EYNT83S8L::Broken out of the box::I had a few problems with this item.  First, the cable that was supposed to power the unit didn't work and I had to use my own.  Then, once I got everything hooked up, it never really worked.  It would get a really horrible picture once in a while that was extremely white, and no matter how I tried to tune it, it never got better.  I assume it was faulty wiring as if you pushed hard on the tuning knob it tended to make it come in somewhat, but again practically useless.  That camera gets hot too, but that was a known factor.I realize I just got a dud, but you can and others still will even if there are ones out there that work.::Wally Lipton::1.0::March 25, 2013
R2I1PFDBH6EGRO::not working properly::the screen quality is really not good and hard to adjust the signal.although the installation is kind of easy::Wei-Chen Chen::1.0::March 25, 2013
R3O5JW3BRB49YD::Didn't Work!::This mini wireless didn't work.  I should have listened to the other reviewers.  Buyer beware and don't buy unless you want to throw your money away.::R. Marie "R.M."::2.0::March 23, 2013
R3S97RVLQDCRGY::Cute gadget::It wasn't quite what I was hoping for when I ordered it, but it's still darned fun to play with.::Suleiman the Spiffy "nortonesque"::2.0::March 22, 2013
R20E7ATNA6UFY1::It works but doesn't have a computer interface neither zoom.::Good for the price. Is not a professional device but it works. I wish it had a computer interface to be able to extend the device use, and it would be great if you could adjust the image zoom; but as I said, you get what you pay.::JD Utreras::4.0::March 21, 2013
R2ULVT2V21LE9I::It stop working after a few hours of operation.::It stop working after a few hours I want my money back! I hooked it up properly, it was working fine and all of a sudden it blacked out.::Bobby Willis::1.0::March 21, 2013
R3PRM9J6NL32QA::Camera works but will interfere with WI-FI::I wanted to use this camera for my RC cars at home, BUT the big problem is that this camera frequency interferes with my WI-FI signal. Big problem since changing frequencies on my wi-fi will interfere with neighbors wi-fi signal and have to scan around for an available frequency,and also worried it might interfere with my wireless IP cameras. But i'm not disappointed with this product, it does transmit good quality audio and video, I just have to use it at a park or out door area away from WI-FI devices. The reciever works great to pick up other 2.4GHZ wirless cameras too. So if you buy this and use it at home, make sure your WI-FI will still work. If WI-FI signal starts to fail, then you will need to log into your WI-FI router and choose a different channel that won't get interfered with this wireless camera.::Kirk::3.0::March 19, 2013
R1LXM3OP8GOBVX::This is a piece of junk::This a piece of junk. I Supposed to return it but i got. Never work since i received from mail.::Roger Laguna::1.0::March 19, 2013
R1QAV8XZZ0IWRE::Broken out of the box!::Broken out of the box! Returned it right away , was a peice of junk, actually got very hot when I plugged it in , Went and got a  DLINK camera for $50 at best buy::Ray Bolger::1.0::March 16, 2013
R2D2TWVSPFAST3::Surprisingly awesome::Once you dial it in the image is stable and actually pretty good quality. It was tough to get it working at first and I thought I had a dud, but that's just how precise the tuning has to be. So be patient and turn the dial very slowly. I was shocked at the quality. I had it over 100 feet away in a different room and the signal went through 3 walls with very little disturbance to the image(slight static). I recieved a slightly different camera model than in the image though, but judging from the description everything's the same. One delightful surprise is that the camera has night vision. For 30 bucks you really couldn't ask for anything better.Update. I hid the camera in my yard to catch the people trashing my yard and it worked like a charm. I had the receiver on the second floor while the camera was out back. There was a bit of static but the image was stable and clear enough as long as I kept the receiver near the window and pointed the antenna in the direction of the camera.::Chris Plush::5.0::March 16, 2013
R2O2AYJ32J0XHR::It is what it is::Works well but not the best quality of video but i'm happy with it. IT served it's purpose. It's ok.::Jdw83172::3.0::March 12, 2013
R3KCCMIPAOUWDY::Good idea not worth the money::I had this  up and working approximately one week and it worked fine.  Then it just stopped working and have no clue why.::Roy Spanton::1.0::March 7, 2013
RHVDBVE9I42ZN::All I can say is...::Great for spying on your dog if he is 3 feet away! If you really want a wireless cam get some other model!!::Robert Lassiter Jr::1.0::March 4, 2013
R1XXZ6MBDYDPNW::Great Beginner's SpyCam, but,....::This is a pretty good, beginner's spy cam to get your feet wet. It's cost effective, and easy to install.PROs: Inexpensive, DIY Basic color spycam. Easy to position, install, plug-and-play,...CONs: Contrary to the advertising,... it actually does not receive audio at all; -I even tried mounting / facing audio speakers within 5ft of the spycam at 10%, 20%, and 40% volumes. It didn't pick it up at all. It's a SINGLE Channel application - Purchasing more than one, will not give you more than one view,... the receivers will only show the spycam with the best signal.NOTE: This is a good SINGLE purchase spycam. Don't go out and buy more than one cam, thinking you can spy on every room in the house. -I purchased (3) of these spycams, thinking exactly that. -Live and Learn, baby. >> I installed one in the Living Room, another in the Kitchen, and the last one in the garage. Each receiver was installed on a different video channel on the TV. >> Unfortunately,... each receiver will ONLY receive the spycam with the STRONGEST signal. >> So,... since the Living Room was the closest spycam to the receiver,... I got the Living Room image on ALL three receivers.I give it 4-stars because, it is a great beginner's spycam,... no audio though  :-(::XOEM::3.0::March 4, 2013
R2N2HHGTMPGLDY::Camera does not hold channel::The camera does not hold the channel, so I have to adjust the knob and also it is not color. I might be doing something wrong . Any suggestions on how to keep the video on with out changing the channel?::Mart::3.0::February 27, 2013
R394174M7IHO4S::Disappointed::The description was not enough information, not what I wanted. The packaging, air filled bags, were collapsed on arrival. I am sending the product back.::Doug Haftings::2.0::February 24, 2013
R2RNYUMEU5QQTE::Read the other reviews.....::I purchased these cameras to try and save myself some attic wiring which is never any fun in Florida. I did read the other reviews and thought they would at least work for the area I had in mind which is only 1 wall away from the DVR. They claim to be able to go about 150'. It did not work! So I tried them starting right next to the DVR and slowly widened the distance. They stopped working at about 12'. Sorry, I cant give these cameras a good write up.::Jeff M. "advertising"::1.0::February 24, 2013
RWGTLE8YEHD9D::Excellent::These units are multifunctional as far as usage. I do not like the range of the cam however they are really great for in home surveillance.::Rwolverton::5.0::February 21, 2013
R3T5404GUN09UO::USELESS PRODUCT::I PURCHASED ONE OF THIS STUPID WIRELESS CAMERA . IT DOES NOT WORK @ ALL. ITS A BAD PRODUCT. I REGRET BUYING IT. A 24 PACK OF BEER WOULD IT BE MORE USEFULL THAN THIS STUPID WIRELESS CAMERA.::jesus::1.0::February 21, 2013
RWHUJG6I8JJRW::POOR Quality!::You get what you pay for.  Now I see why they were discounted so much.  Picture quality is poor at best and cameras overheat quickly.  I have returned these as they are so bad.  DO NOT BUY!::FRED STOVER::1.0::February 20, 2013
R2IAIOYL71A9VX::Camera never showed::Wasn't able to review it product never showed up money was returned to my credit card looking for an infrared one. That's the only reason can't give True reading on product::Paul Schultze::1.0::February 11, 2013
R3ILBZJ5CJ9X2O::Recommended!::This camera works great, is easy to install (about 5 minutes), and has a very clear picture.  Well worth the price!!!::jarhead::5.0::February 10, 2013
R3LBVUMTWE3A9K::Mini Camera::Sorry, but I can't figure this dam thing out! I got a wireless webcam instead, the webcam is much easier.::Susan Nettles::2.0::January 30, 2013
R2EHVO66EDE9QH::Okay::Face it guys.  The item is inexpensive.  The camera comes with an adapter for battery operation, however it drains the 9 volt in less than a minute.  The software was fairly easy to set up with Windows 7.  The camera picture is grainy even if the camera is within a foot of the receiver.  It is an okay item.::Deanna May::3.0::January 29, 2013
R148J6GJ6FYWBZ::Pretty Nifty little product -great price::I was really surprised - i bought an ipcamera and sent 2 back- this i hooked up and BOOM it worked - THAT EaSy. this has a load of uses you can adapt to uses in RV-Baby Monitor-Spy Cam etc...I hooked mine up with the USB capture device (9.99 here) comes with capture software to record. wish they offered another battery device for main unit to make portable.you get one with camera (9v) .The only downfall is i bought the VGA monitor hookup too  andtried to hookup to it and no luck. maybe you will do better ? You will get some scambleing cause of 2.4 gigahtz but your not producing movie. Move it around and away from other 2.4 items. will clear up.::Mike J. Cianciosi "Mike"::5.0::January 29, 2013
RZ7GDOB6ZTHEM::I like it::I had read some reviews about this product that weren't so flattering and some that were ok. Anyway it seems to have limitations on distance from the receiver. I have the camera installed about 20 feet from the base and I'm satisfied with the performance. Its not for close up, for example you couldn't see much if it were being used to monitor a porch or doorway. The lens is wide anglemeant to monitor distances greater than 10 feet. You would be able to see the street very well from the average porch.::SLV::4.0::January 29, 2013
R17J1Y7T95UNAY::Acceptable::I ordered this product but I was shocked that the signal of the wireless is so poor even in few meters. and the picture quality wasn't clear at all.::Ali k::2.0::January 27, 2013
R2XW8N2RR5K4R2::Do not buy if you r looking for something clear::Product works and was quickly shipped. Resolution is very low so you are getting what you paid for. This camera is great for what it is meant to be but you will not get a crisp clear view. It's more like a view you get with the fisher price kids camera. Very poor image, although in we'll lit condition you can see images a bit clearer.::Resolution is poor::1.0::January 25, 2013
R1MRQAZW5ISOJL::Does not work well::When connected to a recorder you have to be in front of the camera to adjust the video constantly or it will become unviewable.Really bad product and a waste of material.::Ed Johnson::1.0::January 25, 2013
RZQCMY5UCOUXO::Not bad for the price::I bought this assuming it would record and it did not (my fault for not reading the description thoroughly).  Non-the-less, it does what it says it will.  We now use it for a baby monitor, much cheaper than what they are asking for video monitors in the stores, and it's worth the money.::AneaSampson::4.0::January 23, 2013
R2R45F070COR7B::Home security::A simple inexpensive security system. I also use it to observe wildlife in my yard Using bait to lure animals into view and record them on dvr.::Robert Gestel::5.0::January 20, 2013
R3OD12CSORTYAB::WYSIWYG exactly as advertised.::Simple no frills but complete system. Side note; the screen/monitor from my automobile back-up camera received the signal from this beautifully, powered by a 9v battery.::Robert.AD6XJ::5.0::January 16, 2013
R1KUWBXC7NG9XQ::Bad range::The range on this camera is really bad, you can't go more than a couple of feet without it making a lot of noise and the screen turning black every second.So unless you are using it for something within 10 feet, don't buy.::Ponce::1.0::January 15, 2013
R26ZWG0DCQ487O::Great::Awesome gadget. Good for amateurs and pros. Will definitely recommend. For fun or for work great product overall for sure::Carisma::5.0::January 7, 2013
R95DL3ICQX2E8::Great Price::When it first arrived I wasn't to happy, the camera seemed very small to me.  I have 4 other cams hooked up  and it took maybe 10 minutes to hook up this one.The pic is good ,  the price was great,  I will be buying 3 more .  One thing  what took the most time was dialing it up but once it was it was great.::seth "wa"::5.0::January 6, 2013
RDDZTT9C8KBHN::Try A Different Camera::The range on this is horrible (less than 10 feet) and my unit stopped working entirely only days after opening it.  Definitely stay away from this product.::helis_are_fun::1.0::January 6, 2013
R35D4EBXJS5RWK::doesn't work!::So far I have not been able to get this thing to work. NOR is there any number to contact for assistance.  I hope I can find something that will tell me where I purchased this camera or who to contact with problems.::DOUGLAS BARSKEY::1.0::January 4, 2013
R3SHYC07OB5JOS::Oh MAN!!::What a great little gizmo!!You can get a nice and clear audi/video feed from this little camera. The receiver captures and sends said signals to your input. (I also purchased the 3.5" CCTV, to go along with this set). I was amazed at the clarity! For the price, it's functions as well as some of it's more expensive rivals.One drawback, it's fine tuning is fairly sensitive to the touch. But once you have it, it's great!::Fenton B Slaughter::5.0::January 3, 2013
RXA5RMZ5ID1TK::Horrible picture quality::Item was returned and I received a refund quickly. I could never get a picture of any quailty even from two feet away. I deal with surveillance stuff daily and this one stunk. Spend the money and get a better quailty camera. Are waste your time either way I got my money back and I learned from this one. With that said they did refund my money quickly and without any hassle.::Don Moody "M"::1.0::January 2, 2013
R27WZERKL9FZ0::Camera::Camera is ok but they don't send you everything in the pic. No CAMERA MOUNT..just a small camera that you can't position anywhere::Respect1st::2.0::December 28, 2012
R31RAQIZ5MM6UB::Bad product::The merchandise arrived well! But the product is bad because it doesn't has a power button and it depend of battery system. The frecuency is worst.  The a/c adapter was out of service.::Santiago::1.0::December 25, 2012
R2BXKYI9ENQ8WF::Gets Very Hot!::This camera would probably be ok for someone that can keep it in a well ventilated space but for any type of more covert recording, the extreme heat of the camera gave me great concern. Within an hour it was almost too hot to touch.  I returned it.::Lauren Keith::1.0::December 22, 2012
R53SG9UUFI26R::not same as pic::was not the same camera as pictured is advertised.  works ok but did not come with stand and the the ant. is different.::Carlos::1.0::December 21, 2012
R2HLO56P1BG5S5::Garbage::Complete trash. Can't get it to work even 5 feet away, the best reception I get looks like I'm trying to pick up a tv station with aluminum foil. Can barely make out shapes and colors.::Mike::1.0::December 20, 2012
R1LZ273PVSNPX::Bad quality::Video was unclear, even after finding the best tune setting. Better to use a wireless web cam than this product.::justin::1.0::December 18, 2012
R3LCR0J2ANOBMC::Good quality (video and sound)::The quality of the video and sound is good but this mini spy wireless camera should be made to support with PC or Mac. It works very well only on TV system.::Yin Chao "Arduino C"::3.0::December 18, 2012
R3NT96BT2WIEP9::Surveillance Deluxe::We bought this camera for front entrance surveillance and it works just beautifully.  I would suggest ac power whenever possible to avoid going through 9v batteries.  This product is very well built and has multiple applications.::J T Cannon Jr::5.0::December 18, 2012
R24XFR8DB6V93Q::Useless::I could never get close to a clear picture on this device. I would not recommend this item to anyone.::kl335i::1.0::December 14, 2012
R1XNDQ3WC5M7GQ::Reasonable::Good buy for this price but I'm having some problems with reception from the camera. Dont know if its a problem with my connection or the device itself. Still diagnosing.::Surujbali Persaud::3.0::December 13, 2012
R19B0M93IGKZ5U::Got a different product::I got the 2 day shipping and it arrived fast. The thing is, its a different product. The camera looks different, The device is 900 mhz instead of 2.4 ghz. Other than getting the wrong product from a trusted seller the thing is AWESOME. It works really well and it goes a pritty good distance. The quality of the camera is better then expected and runs very smoothly. I have no idea why this has so many bad reviews. I am planing on putting the camera on my helicopter and look over the houses.::A friendly helper::4.0::December 11, 2012
R2IZBIGRLS29NU::Mini wireless camera::I really liked this little camera,i can put it in my garage an no one even noticed it,this way i can see anyonethat uses my tools,an make sure they are not taken.ppl should have this camera thatlet others use their garage.::patricia moore::5.0::December 11, 2012
R31NNYWJ7PEZIA::Not Happy::The description says, "Camera runs on 9-volt battery or AC adapter (battery not included)", so I expected there to be a way to use a battery, but there was no connector for a 9V or any battery.  I was almost certain the camera pictured with this product when I bought it had little lights on either side of its housing, and indeed, the box it came in had the same camera with lights pictured on it, but the camera I received is the little black one you see now, with no lights. I'll admit, I looked at a lot of mini-cameras and could be mistaken about the pictures on Amazon, and if that were the only issue I had with it, I'd keep it; but since it doesn't have a connection for battery use, I'll return it unless one of my kids wants it.::MEE2::2.0::December 7, 2012
R2RXH4IBJMWRRT::....::barley works  it go in and out a lot also it some times is in color  audio dusent work rather::levi::2.0::December 5, 2012
R2BPUO4HHYIGUH::the camera has its pros and cons::Arrival time was good and the packing mode too! I can not deny that the use of this camera and its image is good, bad is for use with drums and limiting the scope thereof, charger switches connected to the wireless signal, improved lot, we must have a little patience to adjust the frequency of the camera but after a while you find it easier, this was one of the first products I ordered from Amazon and shipping was good because all free shipping packages used together since I arrived luegon the transfer was to Venezuela and I came together in a box other purchases that I have made send me one by one what seem to be in agreement with the shipping companies. if this is on amazon check the comments.::emizael::4.0::December 4, 2012
R79N9F9Y1CASP::Probably best avoided::The camera works well only at a very short range..up to about 10 feet.  I wouldn't recommend this product for most applications::andy andrews::2.0::December 1, 2012
R3NWST2NE1OA70::Finally!::Well I guess the third time really is a charm.  After ordering this camera twice (from a different seller) and both times receiving a different and incorrect item I found this seller and bingo!  I would recommend buying from this seller.  Be cautious of others selling this camera.::KV::4.0::December 1, 2012
RMDWSAHZDZYV1::Would be great if it worked...::I plugged in the power, and connected it to a video projector...  Nothing.  I adjusted the tuning adjustment.  I got it to a place where the white noise went down a bit, but never to where an image appeared.::Donald G. Hicks "mrfiddle"::1.0::November 26, 2012
R2VICZA01U16SS::Good For The Price::I bought this as a cheap security solution to keep a look out around my house. In direct sunlight, the camera produces a fuzzy picture. Also, distances farther than 50 feet will produce a fuzzy picture. Good for the price though.::R.P.::3.0::November 24, 2012
R3CP1HMFI66QPW::Expected something elsey::I can't get it to record to my devices,and it eats 9 volt batteries.plays fine hooked up directly to my TV but, I need to store the videos for latter use. Already have a video capture device which does NOT help. Need help.::John::3.0::November 23, 2012
R3KOAAX6U92821::Very pool quality::The product was delivered and i used it. The product works very bad and the quality of the picture and signal are really pool. Best work on few feet if you go more than five feet you get bad quality and its loosing the picture. For behind the walls not even to talk about that its not working.::ammken::1.0::November 21, 2012
RL3GU5HN2RTB::Good camera::I really liked this this little camera.  As another reviewer said, night vision would have made it awesome, but for the camera itself, I had no complaints.  Unfortunately, I had to return it because it came with European style (pins) adapters and was useless to me in the US.  Vendor was very good about trying to remedy the situation - good communication and was genuinely concerned about making sure I was sastisfied.  Opted not to exchange it for another camera because the time frame in which I could have used it had passed.  I may purchase it again in the future. Overall, I found it to be a good product from an upstanding vendor.::Amazonian::4.0::November 14, 2012
RBSS2C9FGIJ33::Good Value for the price, somewhat flaky reception::I was pleased with the camera and receiver.  It was simple to set up and simple to use.  My intended application was on board a remote controlled car.  It worked pretty well line of sight however, transmitting through materials significantly dropped off the range.  The connection works great if you are using the wall socket adapter or if you have a fresh 9 volt battery.  It went through a 9 V battery in about a half an hour then the video quality dropped off quickly.  I thought the tuning knob was too sensitive but once you set it in the right place it was good to go.All in all good product for the price.::RC car driver::4.0::November 13, 2012
R3Q4PFEX7CMSHU::Just ok...but only $26::For just a little over $26, it's ok for limited use or a tight budget. Range is only about 30-40 feet for usable quality. Tuning receiver is very touchy but doable. My unit didn't have functioning audio, but it didn't matter for my application. Color rendition marginal, white balance only good for daylight but camera functional in medium-low level incandescent lighting (no ir function). You get what you pay for and this is a small cheap camera for only $26.::Retired Sparky 176::3.0::November 11, 2012
R2L0XJ675FP3RQ::It was alright::With the plugin to the camera, it works excellent; although with the wireless attachment with the 9volt battery, it doesn't work very well 1 out of 10 times it'll work, other wise it just does static or multiple pages if the image coming down the screen.::Tyler Tucker::4.0::November 9, 2012
R17CJJW0ZIPJN6::Size does matter.  The smaller, the better.::I especially appreciate the option of useing either a 9-volt battery or the AC-adapter for the camera.  No fuss, no muss.::r0dster::5.0::November 6, 2012
R2IGXFJ3CFK3Q7::Could not get it to work::I have been unsuccessful in getting the camera to work.  Can anyone help? I've never had any problem installing anything on a computer.::E. Dudley "Liz Dudley"::1.0::November 3, 2012
R2WPQ16KRLOIHU::Mini wireless color camera with microphone::The images are out of focus, the color is not good.  You can't operate more than one camera at the time in close proximity to the other camera because they interfere with each other.  The cameras get extremely hot after operating for a short period of time which is of some concern from a safety standpoint.::Linda J. Addison::1.0::October 22, 2012
RX509L9XEFPA5::More than expected::Works better than i expected!Will be buying another one.It reachs from my garage(100 foot) to my house with no trouble.."It was well worth the money!!!"::Ron::4.0::October 11, 2012
ROL3ET7PKXVF2::The saw is true. You get what you pay for.::I purchased this unit to keep an eye on a TV at the church I attend. Unfortunately the quality is just awful. Perhaps it's just the placement of components but the signal is extremely difficult to obtain and it seems to require lots of babysitting to keep it visible. The camera is mounted near a ceiling and is approximately 50 feet away from the receiver. Two walls are between camera and receiver.What a waste of money.::Ricky D. Stone::1.0::September 7, 2012
R2S8A28RNK25SJ::Closed circuit TV, Pullet monitor.::I can't believe how well this mini camera and wireless reciever works. There was a minor abstraction with interference from my wireless mouse and wireless printer. This matter and the fact I really need a wide angle lens to get more than 2 nest boxes in view is the reason for only 4 stars. All in all it suits my purposes. I use it with a PRISM 9" TV to moniter when my 6 pullets have completed laying. My hen house is about 120 ft from my home office and I get very good reception. I mounted the reciever with velcro on the inside of the window glass to ensure line of sight. the signals have to pass through the wall of my hen house. The audio is very good also I can hear the cluck when one lays an egg so I don't need to watch consantly. My hen house is a little too narrow to get a wide angle view. I overcame the interference problem by not moving the mouse or printing and typing while I am monitoring.::Frank H. Kubiak::4.0::September 2, 2012
R1ZSLJZQ382UYK::Janky::Runs very very hot, doesn't look like the product in the image and seemed like the power cord was coming out of the top, or front if you swiveled it's base (not the base pictured for product mind you, since this looks completely different then product image).  I might return it but it took so long to get to me and it's so cheap that I'll probably just eat the cost.  However I wouldn't recommended this to anyone.::Nixon::1.0::August 31, 2012
R15L5UJCKJ9AQH::Amazing::I am so impressed with little camera. It is amazing I could purchase so much technology for so little of a price. Ive interfaced it with a computer, through a Dazzle device, while recording the video and audio through Windows Movie Maker storing the video on a two terabyte drive. Couldn't have been easier to set up and use.::Jonathan D Martinez::5.0::August 28, 2012
R38H564ACKMUUD::Works::I ordered two of these. Had good reception, flexible camera head and even tiny screws to mount. Works great for spying. Returned it because does not record.::J. Wilhite "emma"::3.0::August 26, 2012
R1TKOHTTYMBYMV::SMH::I was impressed by the small size but unimpressed by the picture quality when it worked and the maximum of 4 feet from the cam to the receiver. Junk junk junk!::Rolf::1.0::August 21, 2012
RF2NMQVZ11R21::Received PAL version - does not work::The camera that I received was a PAL version (not NTSC like we need in the United States).  This caused the picture to be black and white and to scroll.::J. Shute::1.0::August 8, 2012
R3MMFV0S8KZKGI::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::I bought two of these exact same cameras from a remote control hobby website (not Amazon) for my RC helicopter.  A gust of wind and a limb flipped my helicopter upside down and demolished it before I was able to mount and test, but I've found this to be EXCELLENT and cheap camera for watching my 2 year old playing in the tub or keeping an eye on her while she is in her room playing.  I'm here today looking for a few ways to connect the RCA inputs into a portable DVD player or laptop so we can keep an eye on her from the laundry room, cooking in the kitchen or anywhere we are trying to get some work done without a toddler under foot.::Troy "Taffer"::4.0::July 20, 2012
R19GCF41FAB2SG::doesnt work::this stus doesnt work the pictures are in the description are fake cuz the camera doesnt have color and REALLY DONT WORK I'LL RETURN BACK::GutySmart::1.0::July 16, 2012
RU6U9DGBJMMMC::Awful signal quality::I can get an OK (I would not call it good cause you get a ton of static ticks and fuzz bars) signal with about 10'-15', but this is with no walls in between so short of recording video of something I can currently see with my own eyes this is worthless as a baby monitor.  I have tried several locations, I have shut down my 2.4ghz wireless network and nothing makes an improvement.  I live in rural PA and have no close neighbors with any additional wifi signals or any other 2.4 ghz devices.  At its best it is staticy and annoying, at 25' you can tune in enough to barely make out whats going on and FORGET about audio!  Audio at that distance is horrendous!  This was initally purchased as a nose cam for an RC heli but I figured the signal would be weak so alternately I was going to use it as a baby monitor but it will not be suitable for either of those applications.  I do not feel its a defective unit so I will keep it but I have yet to figure out what to do with it.  Maybe mount it on an RC car and drive in circles in from of the TV and receiver the kids will get a laugh but thats about as far as this will go and I am not holding out much hope for that either since 9v batteries are good $$$$ and this thing eats them in 30-45mins (the batt will last longer but at the cost of quality, and there is not much headroom there).  The tuner is a hassle too I wish it was digital and not analog, calling it 2.4ghz is very misleading as many people relate it to wireless networking which further leads people to think it is a digital signal. 2 star... Even for that price, no sir, I don't like it!::xXPerplextXx::2.0::July 11, 2012
R1BX5OEXUN28F3::good - great product::Well first of all for the price this very decent product,good to great picture quality,but you live in a small house "the city" they would be minimal reception problems due to all the wireless networks in close proximity and incase you do live in a large house, the country of the middle to upper end of the suburbs due to the 3/4 acre to a 1.5 acre landscape you would suffer medium to maximum signal problems due to the range of this device.::Shahn::4.0::July 6, 2012
R394Q50LTHZP21::Can't make it work::I have tried to get the camera to work but to no avail can I do it.  It has to be easy but I can't do it.  Can anyone help?::kbvb::1.0::July 5, 2012
R25BJVIVPZFXIC::battery adapter wont' work::camera works great with ac power plugged in (manual keep on saying "dc power." dc power = car power.) however when i plugged a 9v batter in it wont workthis is fishy......... the power adapter's made for an output of 8v... but the battery adapter is 9v....any one get it to work?::u_hsen::2.0::July 2, 2012
R2PHOMGUIXW4M9::great item as described!::Bought this for my office so I wouldn't have to get up every time someone came in a door I couldn't see. has been a great investment and works very well.::Amazon Customer::5.0::June 26, 2012
R1IDPNL9LWERR9::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::After i received the shipment, I found the AC Adapter for the Camera itself was missing.  The parts (the wireless receiver, the wireless camera) were shipped in a dented box with whole lot of dust, not sure what to make of it...  so far hasn't been able to test the product...::bg6552::1.0::June 24, 2012
R3SK4QMLUPQG16::It works but it's fragile and very sensitive.::The Good: This product was easy to set up. It worked with in some reason of adequacy based on price.The Not-So Good:The receiever has a tuning knob which needs to be adjusted and when you're close it's very sensitive as you barely can move the knob and throw off the reception.This video has many artifacts... lines, and other noise created by whatever it out in the air...I tried this in my apartment in San Diego and my House in South Dakota. It worked much better in South Dakota because there wasn't any wireless router's and 2.4GHz phones to compete with wireless spectrum... to watch out for that..The mount doesn't leave a lot of flexibility for mounting it in whatever position you desire.All the power cables are a little on the short side.::Charles M. Douvier "Chas"::3.0::June 16, 2012
RRAY62NM5OGBA::Bought it as a spy camera. Did not fulfill.::I bought this camera to check whether somebody was entering my bedroom when I was away. Did not work as such. You need to purchase a video capture device to use this as a recording camera, and the signal degrades after a few minutes and you need to turn the knob again to clear it up. That is horrible, considering it needs to stay visible throughout however many hours you need it to record. Do not recommend this to anyone.::Cesar::1.0::June 11, 2012
R2B66I1IQHNGXT::You get what you pay for.::Picture quality is "not bad," but when the camera is set more than 15-20 feet away from the receiver, horizontal scrolling lines cannot be hidden/fixed/remedied/etc. in any way. Keeping it just for an alert/surveillance assist, but as for detailed images, not good at all. Can get an easy-to-install wired camera for cheap, and quality is better overall for just a little more work and money.::Sam Faust::2.0::June 5, 2012
R3GFY12Q13TBJI::Poor quality::I installed it on my tv and connected to my dvr, it recorded it ok for a while.Now there is some kind of weard sound coming from it, no audio anymore I disconnected audio cable, only video and little choppy.Just broke, base is not working doesn't show anything anymore. Seller please contact me for return or replacement for better quality product.12.10.12::Igor Zotman::2.0::May 31, 2012
R27JF6WF4AOAR::Great for the Price!!!::I was a little skeptical about this product because of some of the bad reviews and because the price was so cheap but I figured I would give it a try. Let me tell you it works great not a HD image or anything but gives me a nice clear picture of my driveway and gate 200 ft away. I will definitely buy more spend the $20 for this great little set up.::dnc::5.0::May 24, 2012
R20H07E1ZQX64S::Turn Tuning knob real slow::I would give it 5 stars , if it was not for having to tune the receiver. If you turn the knob too fast, you will not get a picture. Next time I will buy one with 4 channel switches, no more tuning knob.Makes good picture, have not tried the range yet. It will depend on how much 2.4 stuff is in the area.::Frank J. Miller::4.0::May 22, 2012
R2ATSEPFN4QWY7::Great product::This product turned out much better than I expected at the cost.  I am thinking about ordering another one.  It worked great.::Rick Sohl::5.0::May 15, 2012
RRE4HVPCQ5BY4::Perfect R/C car cam.::Got this little cam for my nitro r/c's and it worked prefect. Mine came with everything needed to run off a 9volt battery.I was surprised how nice the color is for such a cheap price. Hooked the receiver up to a DVR and could see everything my T-Maxx was doing just likeIm in the little truck. Much cheaper then a go pro. Mounting it was the hard part.Also figured out how to mount it in my real card for parking lot surveillance by hanging it off my visor and hooking it to a 9volt d/c lighter adapter to the car.Now i can watch who is messing with our cars on the the side of the building where nobody can see them right from my office.The only con i have is that my model seems to have a fixed channel so if i get any interference tough luck. Would of gotten 4 stars if it did have a few channels to pick from.::mike::3.0::May 14, 2012
R19XCLMSGEHJHS::Worth the price::It is what you pay for. With that said its a cheap fun toy. Bought it for pranks and have not been disappointed::Cmkoch::4.0::May 14, 2012
R1DS4VI0SLHNT0::Wireless camera.::The camera was perfect what I needed it for. The range is excellent and the quality isn't too bad. All and all it was worth the money.::Brandon::5.0::May 10, 2012
R1M1IDQNVMOAI6::Worked well for 5 mins then the camera was toast.::Much potential negated by junk reliability! The picture quality was quite nice for such a small device, the image didn't lag much at all when moving the camera around and transmission/reception seemed good in my house. I tried from down in my basement to my bedroom and was still able to get a picture.Problem is that after unplugging the camera power supply 5 times as I moved to different test locations around the house, the camera stopped transmitting a recognizable picture. Was still transmitting a signal but it just looked like random garbage. I spent an hour mucking with it but could never get a picture after that. I'd guess the internal electronics are not very robust and susceptible to fluctuations in power supply voltage as caused by connecting & disconnecting power. Too bad. Manufacturer needs to address this because of course people are going need to connect & disconnect power.::Tech Dude::2.0::May 7, 2012
R3DREX0RENN90S::disappointed::so after reading all the reviews i figured this would be a good cam for a project .... but after getting the cam i was missing 1 power adapter and the cam didnt have audio so i really cant use this cam for my project overall the picture is good on the cam::big T::2.0::May 3, 2012
R152ZN9G3JBCIX::It would be nice to get an answer to all the stuff missing from the order paid for and received by me!::I received this, package intact, so UPS can't bite the bullet on this one as it was pristeen, package wise. Upon opening the box and expecting all I had paid fo;r after what I read in its description and having thoroughly reading the reviews before buying, was disappointed that many items were missing that render the device mostly useless unless I want to get all HaXXoR and cobble together more items I'd have to purchase from radio shack, etc... Such items as: the mounting bracket, the female to mini RCA battery connector that provides the power to the remote camera, the instruction booklet, the extra ac to dc power switch shown in the product photo! One other thing, the AV RCA's that were included are actually the really cheap AUDIO ONLY type used on things that haven't been made for mass use in I'd say, 25-30 years! If I were to try and run the VIDEO portion of the signal through anything I wanted to keep or use again; I may have to get certified insane!! The shielding of those audio only RCA jacks is worse than laughable! Be warned... Do not attempt an interface if you get these as well, on anything other than say a Fischer-Price 10 dollar baby monitor! You'll waste your equipment!!If the seller would care to contact me to make this right, the missing stuff portion I will change my rating and review to a more positive light... But I won't budge on the "A/V RCA" cables that are included as they are truly junk!::Ben Brady::1.0::May 1, 2012
RQD6FEJE4W75C::decent::the camera came fast, and was incredibly easy to set up, however it does interfer with wireless routers so i cant use it until i change the routers frequency ...the camera does work great other than that.::Tom::3.0::April 27, 2012
R1GUWD3XU1ISYV::Perfect for RC::I decided to try this camera out... (positive things) it seems to work pretty well although the mic volume was a little low on mine. The picture looks okay with minimal lag....easy setup. (negative things) Well...for starters the ac adapters it came with had some probes which I've never seen a connection for so I modified...that's right, broke em and attached a new cable. My picture always contains these annoying dark spots originating from the camera I presume. Maybe later I'll op for a more expensive one, but this a solid buy for the price.::Tony::4.0::April 24, 2012
R2DHY49Q7AVX4B::spy cam::First of you get what you pay for. I bought this because of price lets be honest i was cheap, BUT, I was vary surprized by how small this is also like the 9V battery hook up sound is not bad either. For the price you can not beat this it is great good color VARY HAPPY.::Billy Garner::5.0::April 21, 2012
R1G2LW8LNA2XYJ::Battery solution::I like this camera.  I am using it for a robot I built.  When the 9v battery gets low it causes reception problems.  My solution was to use two 9v batteries in parallel to add more time to battery life.::Dennis::4.0::April 17, 2012
R3L0PFB0DRVQMJ::watchout for crosstalk::This is an awesome little device...  I was originally going to use it for a baby monitor but it interferes with every 2.4 Ghz network in my house.  You wouldn't think much about this but that is my internet, garage door and virtual machine wireless LAN. So now it is being added to a RC plane.  The range is short, with the number of networks I have in my home.  I'm hoping that without the interference it will work out to a few hundred feet.::bargin hunnnter::4.0::April 11, 2012
R3IUGMPOWWCPBB::Not bad product for the price but issues at start.::I thought this item was defective until I realized it was RF signal type receiver/ transmitter-camera and battery attachment (9V) dies quickly effecting greatly the cameras ability to transmit properly and I thought it was defective. It's also important to make sure clear line of sight between camera and reserved, even a chair or wall will effect it greatly so make sure they are close by and no obstructions. I also found some other types of electronics could effect its signal so keep them away but once you do all of that it's not a bad little setup giving you a better picture then say Uniden's choppy video quality setup for $199.99+taxes. The motion is great a clear picture once you also adjust the focus on camera in front. The mini wireless camera also has the ability to change channel with  very tiny flip switches on back (use a needle with care) but it's a shame it doesn't record night vision but not bad at night with some lighting outside. Although this camera is not intended for use outside, it works great, just try to protect it from extreme heat, rain and snow. The tuner receiver requires you to use the volume like knob control to find the signal and its very sensitive and you could easily pass your cameras signal plus I'm not sure just how secure your signal is against being pirated by other tuners. All in all this is a great very inexpensive way to monitor your garage, parking lot or outside porch, not for private recording inside because of security concerns. I use an old unused VCR with tape to record and works just fine although you can get a USB device to capture analog video and sound plus control other things on a computer. Great quick fix totally affordable and from a good supplier so I do recommend it.::Lee Perez "LP"::3.0::April 9, 2012
R75W4E1VKIEAN::Totally Worthless::This camera is not able to pick up from literally 2 inches away. If I hold onto it with my hand and use my body as an antenna, then it works.... sorta. As soon as I let it go, it is nothing but static again. I tried this camera both at home and at work (as I thought maybe I was getting interference at work). This camera just does not work at all. Maybe I got a dud, but I'd say the build quality is subpar, so I will not be trying another.::Khalid Mundwiller "K Diddy"::1.0::April 5, 2012
R2TH8UP9UR27AA::wireless security camera::this cam would only work when plugged into the wall plug will not work with the 9volt adapter it cuts in and out but with the wall plug the picture is clear i got this cam for use with my rc tank but now its watching my front door its a good cam if u use it with the wall plug.....does anyone have any cheap rc camera ideas?::tank man a1::2.0::April 4, 2012
R3ITN76B8KDKQY::Wireless Camera::Camera produces a good picture under normal lighting conditions.  However the signal does not penetrate walls well.  If you don't have a clear line of sight then the range of the signal is very short, even walking between the camera and the receiver can disrupt the signal with a 20ft separation.::FD::2.0::April 3, 2012
R2RDUKIW7DDG62::not bad::ok, for a signal getting through the signals of my wireless router it is doing wellto bad the power supplies aren't marked, the thing says to use one for the camera and one for the wireless unit and not to switch thembut it isn't marked...lol::Rick1971::3.0::March 31, 2012
REE0C2I35CPJW::Easy and functional::It is easy to use and functional. I saw another reviewer complain about putting it behind an inside window and then having reflection issues. I resolved my own by cutting a small square of cardboard and putting it behind the camera. It blocked the reflection and kept the camera discreet.I use this for my front door. The sound does get crackled when the signal isn't strong. Adjustment of the camera and receiver fixed that problem as well. My received is about 15 feet away and through 2 walls.The only thing I wish this camera did better was a foot or two of night vision. That's not a feature of the camera so I'm still giving it 5 stars.::M. Bilberry "The Oracle"::5.0::March 28, 2012
RS3DCB69PX37N::The really cool camera::This is a really good camera to get if you are looking for cheap but not perfect in a product it peforms well for its price though you can give it that!!!::Me::3.0::March 23, 2012
R1L6VY46ZIOWFT::Great Product::This is a great product for anyone who wants a quality wireless camera systemat a reasonable price.  Easy to set up and the sound and picture are amazing!!I liked it so much, I purchased another one for my sister!!::J. Bennett::5.0::March 22, 2012
R14A09J4GIXTI5::Don't bother with this camera::This camera sucks sooo bad. I had it against the wall of the next room and the receiver against the wall on the other side and it refused to get a clear picture. It hopped and jumped the entire time and went fuzzy too. There's no way anyone could use this camera. The picture won't even stay still enough and black bars appear all over the place.If you're looking for a camera, just skip this one and save yourself the hassle.::jeremys18::1.0::March 21, 2012
R166VWY3JLI1Z4::My remote camera platform::I designed and built a remote-controlled vehicle using the camera. Right and left hand levers control power to right and left hand treads with the camera providing the view from the front of the vehicle. I can be inside the house while running the vehicle outdoors. The camera has great depth of field and a wide angle view, allowing navigation.::dustydog::5.0::March 16, 2012
R3BMAEI5X18GTW::Doesn't work!!!::Tried all jumper settings, could not get any more than a brief blip of distorted signal.  Nothing else came after that.  I had it sitting too long before testing to be able to return the thing, so I'm out $40.  Don't buy this garbage!!!::doggieman83833::1.0::March 15, 2012
R3AD5M8HW8BUX::Crappy combo::The camera is ok for about 5 feet for clarity and the receiver is too sensitive too adjust and does not work hardly at all on any t.v. of mine or any of the 3 computers i have. Giving this even a 1 star rating was being nice on my part! Thank you.::wrw48::1.0::March 14, 2012
R2R3N01JK8XZLK::I guess its ok::So far I cannot get it to hold signal for more then 5 hours.  It it will be crystal clear... then randomly be complete fuzz permanently with no change in the environment.  Also according to the instructions it sounds like it was supposed to come with 2 different ratings of AC power supplies.  The power supplies were identical...  They are both turned on and running, so I guess its ok...  I plan on playing with the channels later to try to work our the signal drop.  I guess we'll see.  The camaera and receiver are only about 30 ft apart with 2 walls between them.Something else good to note that I did not realize when purchasing:  This camera is for indoor use only.  I wanted to set it up outside my house initially, so this was a little disappointing when I received the unit.  They should add "Not intended for outdoor use" to the description.::skedmond::3.0::March 14, 2012
R3A6P3WRFXULSG::Color Camera?::For the price this is not a bad camera. My main problem is that it says it is a color camera but the only colors it has are black and white.Update: I tried shielding it as others suggested but found out it hurt the picture.  After removing the shielding it works fine just it is black and white not color.Updaye: I had removed the camera and later hooked it back up.  It is showing in color now so I am updating my star rating for it to 5 stars.::Edw::5.0::March 11, 2012
R80155YPK6JW::Useless unless it's only 10 feet away from receiver::I purchased this because of it's rating. I ignored some reviewers' comment on its reception. BIG MISTAKE!! It's basically useless unless it's less than 20 feet away AND on PLUG-IN. When hooked to battery, it's useless if you have more then 10 feet of unobstructed space between the camera and receiver. I cannot imagine anyone would want to keep this.However, Amazon is very good at return and refund. You can try it if you want.::B. Teng::1.0::March 8, 2012
R2F9AE0REJRBRK::nice LITTLE camera::arrived on time and in good condition...works better than i thought it would...nice LITTLE camera...camera is clear and receiver works great too::panda44r::5.0::March 6, 2012
R29DDZ1II6TDCS::Cheapest wireless camera but works::This is one of the cheapest wireless surveilance camera with the most number of reviews on Amazon.  Works right out of the box.  The major complaint I have is the tuning.  If you unplugged the power, you have to tune it again.  The tuning is done manually via a knob; the knob is kinda loose and has no notches, making tuning a little hard to stay where you wanted.  Other than this, its working good so far.::David S Yu::4.0::March 5, 2012
R1WQIVIWXEX77P::Good Camera bad receiver::The camera is good but the receiver is worthless, it could barely find the reception for the camera. Luckily I had another receiver that worked better.::M, Johnson "Mike"::3.0::March 4, 2012
R33Y4AP22XW1BE::not bad for price::For the price it was a good buy, just for an extra look out. The issue that it seems to have is with the wifi systems...it clearly will not allow any of my wifi using electronics connect to my Internet unit...but that problem is easily fixed if the cameras wifi base is moved further away.::Pauline George::3.0::March 4, 2012
R26LVD567WZZK4::HELP: how do I view image to a computer (Macpro)?::I dont have a TV and was planning to use my APPLE macpro as the monitor. I am not sure what window or "channel" to view. Also how do I view on my cell phone?thanks::Tien Tran::3.0::February 28, 2012
R38BFUVQL0IH9U::Great Camera; if your not using anything with 2.4 GHZ frequencies::Generally, the worst kind of interference a RF radio signal may encounter is another nearby radio signal operating at or close to its own frequency in the RF spectrum. These 2 (or more) signals then "compete" for use of this frequency. If there is any "winner," it will always be the stronger signal present. For example, a microwave oven is essentially an extremely powerful microwave transmitter tuned to the 2.4 GHz frequency range. Many cordless phones also operate on this frequency and may cause interference, if placed in close proximity to a Wireless Video Camera.::Gift::4.0::February 25, 2012
R2395TZHB99G8X::Awsome!::This is a great little camera! I can now watch my new born in the next room! Its a good camera that lets me monitor him from a distance to see how he is. Also its great that it has sound!::Tom::5.0::February 21, 2012
R21HPX95S1B93O::It deserves 5 Stars!::For the price, I just had to give this 5 stars. Picture and audio is clear. It was super easy to set up. Little camera but wide view. If it had night vision, this would be the perfect budget friendly camera for all needs.::CLP::5.0::February 19, 2012
R3C27BALJ3SBUK::Too touchy::The picture is OK when you can see it.  The control unit is too touchy.  It does dial in and find the correct frequency, but if you breath on it, the picture disappears.  Also too much interference.  It will not hold the freq.  suggest spending more for a better device.::Dave Beckham::2.0::February 14, 2012
RGB7KE6RQBGTF::mini camera::Its works real well, I was surprized. We can not use it with out the lights on, but we are pleased.::Rshanks::5.0::February 10, 2012
RE68MV5WQF9KY::Waste of money buy something better::It has a nice picture when it holds still on the screen it has a static bar going across the screen. It even does this if it is plugged into the wall and in the same room. It is extremely distracting & hard to watch. Because of that I think it is a waste of money.::Amazon Customer::1.0::February 2, 2012
R1CV9RQG08L40P::Good camra great price::This product has been very handy in keeping an I on our tweaker neighbors. The price is great.I recommend it.::Foil hat & ring of fire::5.0::February 1, 2012
R3BGJ5G1F9QHVR::Great device::When i was looking up cheap security cams i was blown away at this one for the price. the quality is quite good, and it has a good amount of range. very easy to learn with instructions that take all of 10 seconds to figure out. would recommended this to anyone who was interested in getting great security with little price.::Nick K::4.0::January 30, 2012
R3APCPPNVRS65A::Poor Quality::I received this camera to add to an already installed video card on my surveillance system. The installation was a snap. Plugged into the card and after a few tuning turns had a picture.Problem is the picture quality was nothing like show on the advertisement. In addition, I had to adjust the tuning to keep the camera picture in focus every couple of hours.I would guess it would be ok hooked up to a television to monitor a baby room but other than that, I'll stick with the higher end video.::VinceB::1.0::January 20, 2012
R2UDM06MGU744X::Picture quality is ok and sound is ok.::The biggest complaint on this system is that the receiver is not that great.  Once the frequency is found, it should be ok and good to go.  The camera and receiver are in stationary positions and thus should be ok.  But if I were to leave it and go do something for a couple hours, the picture is fuzzy and the frequency needs full adjusting.  Not great if you are not babysitting it.::ELStiko::2.0::January 8, 2012
RH0SZFUNXDWLZ::Works for me!::Had I read the reviews I might not have bought it! All the parts were in the box, it worked the first time I tried it, works well in low light. It is 'line of sight' which means it won't work so well through walls. I am happy with it, just need to figure out how to get it to work on my PC.::Andy Durban::4.0::January 5, 2012
R3U2TC94TZQ90A::Better than I expected::Reasonably good quality picture. Signal strength stays good through the length of the house and allows viewing of driveway with the receiver over 60' away from the camera.  Audio quality is acceptable but will not capture conversations well if over 10' from mic.::Amazon Customer::4.0::January 2, 2012
R1YGDMXZ0SQRLP::Needs glasses!::This thing is the classic you get what you pay for. Works but not all that great. The picture at best is grainy and it won't work very well through a divider of ply wood. Another words the camera and receiver have to be in the same room to get a clear picture (kinda defeats the purpose of having a spy cam!. I guess I had higher hopes for this thing than what it actually performs. It works, just not great the camera needs glasses!...that's all I can really say!::SGT Kaboom::3.0::December 29, 2011
R2BS0ZN80495HW::Don't Do It::Great picture... when it works. I bought this to use as a security camera inside the house so I'm not expecting great distance or to use it in bad weather. Heck, I don't even care about low light. I can adjust the tuning knob just right so that I get a good picture for a few seconds but after that it's worthless. Lines running across the screen, picture looks like an earth quake. Also, the audio is horrible. You can tell there is something going on because there is noise coming out but the noise is not anything you would be able to play back and know what was said or even what was making noise. Not a good buy.::Murphy::1.0::December 28, 2011
R2RAMJX32JYHXB::Great Value for the Price, Works with KGUARD DVR...::This was a great purchase for the price.  I added it to a KGUARD 8 channel DVR system (only was using 4 channels on install) via a $2 BNC to RCA adapter and it works great.  My camera had a wire antenna and no bracket, like the photos would lead you to believe, but it still works just fine.  Tuning is a little tricky, but works in a house with multiple Wireless users.::daudi88::5.0::December 26, 2011
RC35RXC0O2DWM::I gave it away::I gave it away to someone who needed an inside camera more than myself. He thought it worked great. He is still using it and will probably buy another as soon as he has gotten his fill with this one. That is what he told me...::sltuell::5.0::November 7, 2011
R1G7W728SGWKJR::Wireless camera with microphone::Pros:Cheap wireless camera.Good video-not HD.Easy to use once setup.Connects to tv easily.Can be setup using 9 volt batteries for power-although they do not last for a long time.Cons: Interrupts or blocks wireless networks outright since it is on the same frequency.Not an outdoor camera-although it does not really specify.Cannot be used with a computer without special adapters which are not included.::Amazon Customer::3.0::November 7, 2011
R1WIGE1U9YBZE1::Crap::The sound does not work except for a blip mabey every so often. The picture never comes in clear even if i put the camera next to the reciever. i gave it two stars cause it does work i see some, but for what i paid cant complain to much. I did expect a solid picture, not HD but solid and to atleast have sound. I am very disapointed in this aspect. i dont know if its just my camera, mabey i should return for another::cham643::2.0::October 14, 2011
RHJ2AM0BFQ9Y8::what you paid for::I had order 2 times for this item, delivery to the wrong place at the first. Second- I got it, after I connected,I find out power supply for the camera is a problem,9V dry battery can only for a very short time,the receiver can not keep the picture stable, and I need the system to monitoring my office and warehouse all day long.that's why I have to returned it. But actually it is not bad to have one for fun.::kam::2.0::October 14, 2011
R41BE5RZBBQLJ::GREAT PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE!!!::the range is better than expected, the sound is great and the picture is not bad either. very easy to setup. have not had a problem so far. best camera out there for this low of a price. considering ordering another one as a present to my sister as a baby monitor. for this price you cannot go wrong.::ken42o::5.0::October 13, 2011
RL01Q0B8E32TX::Nice Little Camera!!!::Got this to see into my living room and watch goings on. Works well, good picture with correct amount of light, not bad getting darker also. Reception good @ 20 feet but have to tune now and again. For the price, goes exactly what it says on the tin. Haven't tried using with batteries but on mains is perfect.Can't beat for the price!::Great Buyer::5.0::October 12, 2011
R3J21BQ0D74KJP::So cool!::This is the coolest little camera. you can basically put it somewhere and not have to worry about the wiring. It works on a 9V battery or plug it into any socket. You can set it up with a remote VCR and someone that breaks into the home or office will not be able to follow the wires to the recording source. by the time they figure out that they are on camera, it's too late. Keep in mind this does not have night vision. great item.::Rick::5.0::October 11, 2011
R3SLG2T5W2LEVD::Really W0rks::Just what I ordered perfect. Im happy. Product works fine. Perfect for what I need came clean and on time thanks amazon. I would buy again. Glad I came to the site to buy.::Amazonbuyer::5.0::October 8, 2011
R29DWM3I0QOVI2::video::Once we got the video set up correctly we have a decent picture.  It is very sensitive to any movement that makes it vibrate.  The range worked out great.  The camera is small and easy to hide.::gewanna24::3.0::October 4, 2011
R1TETVWR02J8RQ::Fun little toy camera::Image quality is good at short range, tends to be susceptible to interference from Futaba FHSS RC transmitter.  This can be corrected by carefully selecting another of the 4 frequencies using the dip switches on the camera.  Careful not to damage them, they are so tiny!  I put this cam on a small robot, but probably best as a helicopter or airplane camera with line-of-sight between the transmitter and receiver.  Need to run this off a higher capacity battery, the current drain is pretty high as expected.::JohnC::3.0::September 26, 2011
R1V33KCJ8DCWE9::Great for $25::Like others have said....the antennae distance isn't great.  I am usually horrible hooking up this type of thing.  But I honestly hooked it up in about 3 minutes had audio and video through my tv.  So it depends what you're wanting it for....It's good for the money.::kdlortz::5.0::September 22, 2011
R21IRIB72ZVZPP::Very Surprised!::I was a little skeptical of getting one of these based on some of the previous reviews and the small price. But setting it up was a breeze, the feed is amazing for it's size and price, and now I have a way to monitor my kids as they play.I love this little thing and plan on buying several more for "nanny cams" and also for some ding dong ditchers we've had.::~Kit Kat~::5.0::September 11, 2011
R3AJYYQ3C0VAL4::Great Camera::this is a great starter camera for anyone looking for a camera for home security, however unless you plan to leave the light on all knight get the outdoor capable because it has day and night vision. overall a great piece though.::jwarn123::4.0::September 2, 2011
R1F8A2FRPQPUFS::Way cool toy!::Bought it cause it looked cool. The reception on it isn't the best... It statics if you have alot of wireless devices. Aswell as the camera will conflict with a 2.4GHZ WiFi signal since it is the transmitter. Other than that, its fun since I can attach it to a car and drive around the house with it. Lmao. I recommend it for uses like this. Or it would be good for a decent-lit baby room. The uses are endless. :)::IcantThinkOFApinName::5.0::September 1, 2011
R23CILGTSZG9QS::Excellent camera::This camera works excellently as a surveillance camera.  The colors are true and the range is outstanding.  It's tiny but it performs better than expected for the small price.::Amazon Customer "hectic haven"::5.0::August 25, 2011
RKR7BZJ48PI76::great produdct::set up- easyimage- very goodreceiver- awesomemicrophone- good4  stars.just take out of the box plug it, sometimes the image goes a little off, but it will return. i recommend this product to anyone in general.::-the jayzer::5.0::August 21, 2011
R1754WG15YD1JT::Works fine, but gets interference from RC toys::The camera works fine, nice,, clear picture, acceptable range. The only problem I had was that when I play with a remote-controlled robot that is also on 2.4GHz the video gets wavy bars due to interference. (I was hoping to mount this camera on my RC robot, but will have to find another use for it).::James Dinsmore "James the Quack!"::4.0::August 7, 2011
R3RDVG25N9H68U::good item but issues::video quality was good but had issues with the wire attached to the camara. when i moved the camara or the wire it would lose reception. had to send it back.::leo837::3.0::July 25, 2011
R2NB6EC82JZ4H5::Nice Mini Wireless::works as expected. quality is good and range (from my garage to the other side of house)is good. Hides nicely.::taylorva::4.0::July 19, 2011
R2W9LQEMUA7OVV::Not worth it::I bought the thing with the intentions that it wouldnt be perfect but it was even worse than i thought.  Says 150 foot range when its more like 20 feet max. Image always cuts. Couldnt even make mine wireless because the piece for the battery didnt even work.::Zachary619::2.0::July 5, 2011
RONS1DNBIELH8::Not bad::It worked okay but the quality could be better.  Got this as a gift because I had some issues I was trying to address.  One bothersome thing  is exposed metal between the connector of the AC adapter and the connector on the camera unit that may shock you if you use the adapter. Tuning isn't that big of a deal, but this camera took my wireless network down. Overall, this camera is a good buy for the money. If you're looking for something more professional, be prepared to spend considerably more money. I recently recevied this product and it's not bad for the money. The camera  unit was more compact than I expected it to be and it's great that it can be powered by AC or an independent 9v battery so you dont lose any settings. The joints are rivets so they might wear out after a few uses. Antenna is bendable for flexible mounting choices which is cool.::Joseph Campbell::3.0::July 3, 2011
R39S9JBCAHSE86::Mini spy cam works great during the day, NO NIGHT VISION!!!!::I like this little mini spy cam but was a little disappointed it doesn't have night vision. Can't see a thing when the lights are out. Pitch black!!! You need full lights, so if you're buying this for night vision (to see in the dark) DON'T! But if you want to have a camera in the home to see what's going on during the day, BUY! My mini cam works fantastic and I haven't had a problem with it yet. I brought this from Amazon.com-seller Pro Ebiz LLC brand new for like 24 bucks. Well worth the money imo! Can't comment on the battery life as I haven't used it yet. But I'm reading new 9volt battery only last a half hour. Not a problem for me, since I use outlet adapter. Who got time to keep putting in new batteries? :)::Anita::5.0::June 29, 2011
R257Z83GSB49CH::Very disappointed with this.::I had experience with pinhole "spy" cameras for years starting back in the 1990's when our fraternity caught a school janitor stealing from us in the middle of the night. Considering that was over 10+ year old technology I thought the camera I was buying today would be at least as good as that. I was mistaken.This camera sets up and gets running easy enough and with some tuning you do get a picture. Note if not tuned properly there is absolutely no image at all. You have to be pretty precise in the tuning to get a clear image. All the pieces necessary are in the box, the camera, receiver, audio/video cable, battery adapter, tiny screws if you want to screw the camera down. I was disappointed I cold not rotate the camera on the stand so it could be wall mounted. It looks like it may be able to be ceiling mounted but I didn't try for sure.The real letdown however was in the camera itself. First the field-of-view of the camera was a real let down. Again my experience with small cameras like this they always had a pretty decent FOV. (You could see more of a scene like you were standing further back). This camera was giving me a significantly narrower FOV then the one I was trying to replace.And the biggest problem with this camera didn't get noticed until that night. This camera has TERRIBLE ability to record in the dark- honestly the WORST I have ever seen EVER in any camera- like unbelievably bad night vision. I have a city streetlight in front of my house and it was always plenty for my old camera to take decent video after dark. This camera literally gave me just a black screen. The only reason I knew it was working was when the occasional car passed with headlights on- then I could see just the 2 "dots" from the lights passing and nothing else. This camera is totally useless outside at night. Worse still I was up early this morning, around 5:30 AM, there was enough sun out to be considered "dawn" - you could see out the window without much issue... but then I looked at the signal from this camera- exactly as dark and black as it had been in the middle of the night. I didn't get a picture on the camera for another good hour until the sun was significantly stronger.The FOV and the lack of any picture in the "dark" is my main reason for the low review.Also as was pointed out by another reviewer the instruction manual has a warning telling you the A/C Adapters are NOT interchangeable and using the wrong one with the camera vs. the receiver would be bad- but the A/C Adapters included are identical, same model, 8-volt, 500-mA adapters.UPDATE: Today when moving the camera to the other side of the house (which by the way gives a terrible picture, lots of interference) we accidentally "tuned" into a neighbor about 6 houses away and on the other side of the street who must have a similar system. We were able to see the image off their camera! They must have a better camera though because I can't get a picture that clear from even 40' away let alone the 200'+ their signal must be traveling. I think this camera does audio too so be warned if using indoors especially your neighbors might be watching AND LISTENING to you!::BirdOPrey5 "JUOTnet"::2.0::June 17, 2011
R14H5593INMSB8::Its exactly what I payed for.::im 3 semesters from graduating with an engineering technology degree and hooking this tiny thing up to a remote control car, then connecting it to a small display a built was fun! The camera picture looks great for 30 bucks, and it would be okay for a high $ camera.It's completely black on the camera during night, and only shows light bulbs.::Jeremy Adair "Jeremy"::5.0::May 31, 2011
R2A5LW4Z6JJPL5::Minicam::Hey for the price this item rocks.  I have used it for a number of things already such as adjusting antennas, watching stray animals on the property, or just aiming it at the clouds and looking at how nice they are.  Image is excellent, and it comes with all the accessories to get going pronto. Worth the money.Oh, and I use it outside, just cover the camera with a baggie, have had it out in rain and winds with no problem.Sponge::spongella::5.0::May 31, 2011
RQ7MH0TS42ESA::Mini Wireless Camera::Good little security Camera, Wireless with DC or 9V power, color and a mic it's a very good camera. Qualities iffy but that depends where the receiver is and how many wall's in between in.::J. M. Whitmore::5.0::May 27, 2011
R2PCI4Z3R6GBLP::for some it does the job, but the video quality is fussy at best::Used it a few times. Tweak it as much as I can, the video quality is what it is, poor. If you don't need details, general fussy pictures that are just good enough to tell mailmen from your neighbors within 10 feet, then it does the job.::NY::2.0::May 20, 2011
R3N87TQO3SB0OX::Works Great!::Works Great!Very clear picture, better than I expected!I like this version better than others because it allows you to tune (dial in) the freq. rather than switch to the right one.I find this better as sometimes the switchable kind are a little off. This allows me to tune it for the best picture quality.::Hi-Tek-Red-Neck::5.0::May 17, 2011
R2UVHFAS0WYMIS::You get what you pay for.::This camera is super cheap. What you get is a camera that kind of works. If the receiver and the camera are in the same room, the camera works perfectly. However, even short distances break the picture up. I got it to look good enough, after about thirty minutes of fine tuning. The final product is somewhat scratchy that occasionally drops signal. But for the money, it gets the job done. I would not recommend it to anyone using it for a primary security camera.::Chadwick Williams::3.0::May 12, 2011
RRLF08IL5NSFX::Ok for the price::Camera is ok for the price, video is not the best but you can see what is happening.  Audio picks up sounds that are withing about a 10 foot range of the mic.::Jeff::3.0::May 5, 2011
RADXEFPBNX3JS::It works! But...::If you just need a simple video monitor,this will work fine for you. I was happy to see it functioning correctly as soon as I hooked it up. You'll need to adjust the tuning knob from time to time to keep the reception good, but it works fine.It needs good lighting, and it can be a pain to find periodically that you need to adjust the tuning knob. That's why I gave it 4 stars, instead of 5. But at this price, its a good deal!::Observer::4.0::May 4, 2011
R23VO9R2OHWCTO::Telephone interference::Telephone (2.4 ghz) interferes with reception(2.4ghz). Otherwise good product with veryclear picture as long as I unplug my telephone.::Red Pine & Oxville RR::4.0::May 3, 2011
R2F0FSH7U6JFRP::mini wireless color camera::It was easy to install good picture . you can't beat the price. I was able to read the house number of the house across the street. I will buy another soon::Bronc::4.0::March 27, 2011
R1Z9PKAQYX9Z3A::Works great!::Signal is really good, I have the camera in the front of the house, and this receiver is in an office in the middle of the house. I like the signal, only that you have to adjust it depending on the channel the camera is set.  connecting it to a dvr is easy, can be hot sometimes, but it is normal.  I have had it plugged for almost 3 days and he video had been fine.  I recommend this one, I have purshased others, but this one is the best for the price.::G. Haskins::5.0::March 14, 2011
R3DUTB3GL5UCML::Decent camera for the price::I bought this to monitor my two year old when she is playing/sleeping in her room.  Works well when the lights are on but you can't see anything with low light such as a night light.  Picture quality is low and dark but it's hard to expect a lot from a camera at this price.::NR::3.0::March 7, 2011
RLQHNL9X8U90H::Cheap Toy::Well, you get what you pay for. . . Actually you get more than you pay for, this little thing works pretty good once you dial it in (took about 15 sec) The sound is very quiet but it gets the job done. Its not a $500 camera so dont expect it to be. If you are looking for something cheap that works well, This Is It!::JR::4.0::February 28, 2011
R1NZ75L7O4IIEL::5 stars for what it does for the price.::Unpacked my new camera and had it up and running in no time at all.  The tuning is challenging but you can get a solid clear color picture with NO interference if you have a delicate touch.I've got it monitoring my porch outside mounted under the eave.  Probably 60 feet away and next to my hot rodded PC the picture is clear.  Every so often there is a graphic glitch but it goes away and it is rare.  Definitely from random interference.The only negative is the clarity - its kind of fuzzy and lacking fine details.  You are not going to get a lot of lines of resolution with this setup.  It is primarily good for confirming the presence of something or something happening etc.  If you hope to identify a villain using this camera setup by facial features alone that likely won't be happening.  Also it has no means to dial in contrast etc.  So light areas in the field of view are very washed out.However, every tinkerer needs one of these in their arsenal.  And it is well worth the money!::Dad Engineer "engineer"::5.0::February 15, 2011
R1R29T2SOBN98F::works well with a few drawbacks.::camera works well across a large room. but im afraid it does have some problems through just a wall or 2. the camera has a nice mount and is easy to set up. powers right up and gives a good picture when in range.::Dave::4.0::January 25, 2011
R324Y572UGBMA2::Amazing For The Money::I just got this item and I am quite happy with it. I set up the camera in the same room that has my wireless router and there was no interference. The signal was able to travel through 3 interior walls and still give a good picture and sound. I think a lot of times, your result will depend on the wireless activity that is present in your environment. I would recommend this product.::Dottie "Katie's mom"::5.0::January 20, 2011
R2BJAU7YC986LJ::Decent Starter camera, you get what you pay for.::You get what ya pay for. The camera is mounted on a wall, about 10 feet from the reciever. there are 2 walls between the cam and reciever and you really have to fine tune the knob to get rid of the lines in the picture. Being near the computer for my DVR, the reception is constantly being interfered with. The phones are 2.4G as well so they may have a play in the issues.Other than all these issues, it's not a bad camera for the price you pay. The more ya pay, the better the camera, simply put. I'm sure that under more ideal conditions (ie; better line of site, less interferance from home electronics)it would be a great nany cam, watch the dogs, babysitter, theives, etc, etc.  But in all this, I've learned that I will not by a cheap one over a better, more expensive camera with a Sony Chipset or similar camera.::Leah R. Moore::3.0::December 22, 2010
R1WHJ9VQH8M2YN::good value::worked well right out of box.easy setup. camera gets a little warm for some reason,but 3 weeks in and no failure.if you have other wireless equipment working on the same 2.4 ghz frequency, interference is a real possibility. overall not a bad deal for the money.::acrmw::4.0::December 7, 2010
R1D68HS4K1HPJ9::Battery life::It's work with home electric.But it doesn't work with dry cell. You have to change it every day.It's using too much power to open it all day.::Zzzzz::3.0::November 14, 2010
R3E04KZ5H9UUQ::Great little camera::Worked great right out of the box. Replaced an older camera I had that quit working. Really clear image and good color. The older camera had infrared for night vision. This one lacks that feature but I knew that before ordering. Other than that worth the money.::Sailorman::5.0::November 5, 2010
R1DDOU7CW2RI20::Weak Signal::I installed the sistem, and the idea was to place the cam outside my aparment door in order to have a clear view of the hallway. I worked very nice until I closed the door. The door is made out of metal, so I lost the signal as soon as i closed the door. So it did not serve the pourpose for which I bought it.::Cesar::3.0::October 5, 2010
R3Q4W80PWFTDFS::Worth the money...::Good value for the money. Does what it's advertised to do. Decent picture - easy to fine tune.Not good in low light.::Kerry Laramore::3.0::October 2, 2010
RM7K5ZSLKY7Q3::Work real good!!::This camera is the best for the money! I made a R/C to go around the neigborhood scaring kids and it worked great. I was able to see where i was going fo a range of about 150-190 feet.The picture is fine and i plan on buying another for this halloween::Weird Person::5.0::September 30, 2010
RIM6YE7QBMECR::Great /Portable Camera!!::This camera i bought recently is Great! Has many uses to use it for. A few projects i use it on are RC(Radio Control vehicle ) from different views in my yard. And it also works on the same frequency as the Peak back up car camera does, so if i wanted to and needed it at a certain place all i have to do is power up my "Peak" 2.5 inch video monitor on a household car adapter or 9-volt temporary one and power up the camera the same way and it will send the image straight to it. Very cool in case i need it to go or at a certain place quickly. But works fine with the supplied receiver and power cords /9-volt adapters. Its range is limited ,meaning through one wall is ok but through several walls  is still ok but can get fuzzy images and distorted sound. A single obstacle wall and very close range it will get a very clear image and sound for security . Worth the money and fun to experiment with on different projects. Outdoor permanent use ? -have to be carefull ,is not water proof, you'll have to build a protective box for it to avoid all rain or mount where no rain can get to it. And definatly protect the power cord or where no water can get on them(Conduit/metal) . A porch with a over hang awning is great for this item ,otherwise it works well through a window . Excellent color images also. I am currently trying it out in a small sealed wooden bird house(waterproof-enamel paint -glue) ,Works Excellent.::Steven S. Lujan::4.0::September 26, 2010
R2M7GM5WXUBMIO::Ok, But!::Would not transmit threw one thin wall inside home at a distance of 25 feet and not have static showing on tv.  Had to move it so it had a clear line of sight to the recever at 20 feet away for a clean picture without static.  During normal daylight hours its light setting is too bright.  The best lighting is sunrise (wolfs dawn) and just before it gets dark.  Microphone is very sensitive and picks up sound mybe too good.::Walter Pinkham::3.0::September 1, 2010
RZGG4H00EB4OR::Nice little minicam::Even though the camera is tiny, it produced a very acceptable picture on the tv. I also hooked the receiver up to my computer video input through a converter and it looked good. The wireless distance is about a 100 feet - not great, but still amazing to me for such a small unit. I use it to watch our hummingbird feeders.::Stephen L. Walker::4.0::August 30, 2010
R3S5WHWWVQVGNH::neat toy::the pic isnt all that great, but it is a small camera.  if you have fluorescent lights, then expect some interference.::joe blow "jb"::4.0::April 29, 2010
R2GZ5CBLC6DF95::Good choise and nice item that can be combined for home use::Good choice and nice item that can be combined for home use. Very low price, for the item capabilities. If connected thru computer it can be used as an home security device! Recommend it::E. Fetic "Carlito"::4.0::February 14, 2010
R25XSNNGGUW1QX::wireless spy cam::i installed camera the distance from camera to receiver is about 30 ft,bad reception numerous lines i have to adjust picture often,better off with a wired camera::poppi::3.0::February 12, 2010
R3EA4RJ7QKLN9P::Not ideal for in-home use::I have a typical ranch style ranch home, and this thing doesn't get decent reception from one room away.  It's a cool novelty, but, it's not ideal for any serious applications.::R. Gordon "Tech Enthusiast"::2.0::January 20, 2010
R287NVYAFDPR4H::Works good::the battery life is about 30 mins. I keep "hacking" into and stealing other peoples camera feeds on accident. I also am recieving some phone interference and i keep hearing my neighbors phone conversations.::C. Champion-stucker "minnin"::4.0::June 20, 2009
RX3OB5JGXB59H::False ad::What you actually is not what is shown in the ad. The pedestal is not there.I have ordered one these before. It worked very nicely. They have the capability of transmitting on 4 channels. The receiver can be tuned to each of those channels. The camera that is pictured has dip switches to change the channel. The video they ship you is not what they show in this ad. It may be junk.::Mike A2Z::1.0::December 12, 2013
R1QMIX9YOLVJ5R::love it::This this is so tiny, I amazes me.  The picture is so clear and it even has sound. works great!!  Makes you want to become a Spy or something hahahaha.::ClydeTheRealtor::4.0::October 19, 2013
R113T8VINIAC44::maybe line of site::The range with this through walls is only about 10 feet if you were in a warehouse and you can see both units [line of sight]  maybe 150 ft I only bought it fot the mic part to record my noisy neighbors so Someone will take action it work but tuning hass to be dead on.  Also tuning is very sensitive so before you install make sure you plug it in and tune to get picture and sound even after you might have to fine tune::Gerald Van Lare::2.0::August 1, 2013
R3S88AZOX6KORN::Not recommended::The old saying "you get what you pay for" is more than true with this camera. Forget about saving money with this piece of junk.::Morris Simon::1.0::June 20, 2013
R3S88IAGC10W2W::Toy.. nothing more::Don't expect much out of this. The transmitter in the camera seems ok, but the receiver is junk...no shielding whatsoever. Their is bad interference and scan lines in the picture, which increases or decreases depending on how the receiver is oriented. I actually found that wrapping the receiver unit in tin foil helped cut down on the interference, slightly.This is only 420 scan lines, instead of the 480 that is a standard analog tv resolution. I did receive the 9v battery adapter for the camera.The instruction manual states: "The power adapters are not interchangeable. Interchanging them will result in abnormal picture quality or may cause damage to the product which is not covered by warranty."However, the power adapters are IDENTICAL with nothing to distinguish which one is what. They both are the same 8V 500ma. I noticed that they both have a green power led on the adapter itself, on only one of the adapters does this light come on...not sure why.I have tried swapping the power cords, makes no difference in picture. I have noticed, that no matter which of the ac adapters are used, the connector on the end of the camera gets quite hot. I am not sure why the camera's ac adapter is 8v, when the battery adapter supplies 9v...when using a battery.::SpeedingCheetah::2.0::February 18, 2012
RCE3QAZHD26Z6::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone by Generic::This is the one piece of crap camera you can buy out there...If you have multiple wireless equipment in your house including remote control it will interfere with the reception. It claim it has video playback - I couldn't find out how it can do that because it didn't came with any software. It is nothing but a webcam. Doesn't record anything. It is not worth of money if you are looking for a security system for surveillance but if you like to know who is at your door then it is great system but the battery pack is like cheap imitation battery holder.::Shahzeb I. Husain::1.0::August 23, 2011
RMARMMIPOMR1Z::Great camera::Great little camera. Audio is not so great but I think if you can put the receiver far enough away from the tv you may not get feed back. no pun intended.::texhec::5.0::August 9, 2011
RPH6EQ3VYJE4O::This Prouduct Rocks::This is one of my best investments ever and quick delivery to.. Thanks Pinecomputer  another happy costomer::Gift::5.0::February 22, 2010
R7HQF58QN8N1O::Very poor reception, sensitive tuning knob, not secure, not worth returning::No reception when the distance goes beyond 30 feet away. Be aware of the analog tuning knob on the back, which you need to tune to get anlalog signal, which is not secure (somebody else with the same receiver can view your videos), and very sensitive to the touch (a little bit off and you will lose the video).I should have read the return policy before buying this item. The seller don't accept return of opened items, and even if they do, there will be 30% restocking fee plus the shipping cost. Not worth the return.::thx::2.0::March 17, 2010
R19JXMIWHJQOHK::Camera was ok::I liked that it was small but I could not get it to work for me my computer was to old but other than that good buy::Matt Fasel::2.0::April 19, 2014
R1BAONDRCI5C1V::Decent::Acceptable video and audio for the price. Does receive interference and you need to readjust for best reception. All and all not a bad solution for security, babies, etc.::George::4.0::April 13, 2014
R3SGMUCPMHWTHR::Junk::Should have known better...this thing is worthless. The adjusting know is so sensitive, it can't be tuned to the transmitter.::Licensed Electrician::1.0::March 14, 2014
R28S5NIVM3TTD4::the seller conducted them selves very well but the product is garbage::the seller did a very good job but the product is garbage it didnt even make it through the set up the tiny plastic rings on the ends of the power jacks both broke off and growned out the camera burnt  it to crisp so ya product sucks  didnt even get to see if it eve worked::kim franklin::1.0::March 8, 2014
RSE9JXAKMV9V6::Nice tiny camera, but not good in low light::This is an easy to use wireless camera kit, and I was looking for one to use in my bird nesting box. There is no light inside though, and this one is really not very good without ambient light. In the end I went for the bird box camera kit below, which has wireless video and infra-red night visionhttp://www.amazon.com/Wireless-Wildlife-Camera-Vision-Perfect/dp/B00BIFTYE4::Miss V. J. Barnes "v.barnes"::3.0::March 4, 2014
R1ZOYN1RRRQYYP::Not a great asset.::The item I received was not the one pictured and it did not have a means of tuning the image that I would say is user friendly. There seem to be an issue with distance and even with direct line of sight the picture quality is merely manageable!If you purchasing this product with no clear intent then you may find it fun or cool.::Kelalrico::1.0::February 21, 2014
R3P4NSWJSNELSG::Hopeless::This item does not work well, is unstable and overheats. I would not recommend it to anyone rather spend a bit more money on something worth while.::mr. fixit::1.0::February 20, 2014
R2YBOOTHL5KT21::hate it::The receiver doesn't work. the tv says no signal. all the time it keeps buzzing and never shows the camera . Useless.::Mahin::1.0::February 19, 2014
R2RG1IZF59I6GU::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::I got nothing, as in not a working devise. I tried it again when I got a late model TV/Monitor and still got nothing. The transmitter power light comes on and is warm to the touch but no signal. The camera I received is different than the one pictured,"it's chrome looking" and has no switches. After being plugged in awhile it get very warm to the touch, no video or audio detected. Also the transmitter I have is also not the one pictured, guess they make different grab bags. Please don't burn your money on this deal.::Yoanimal::1.0::February 15, 2014
R25V92O5BXSZKS::No Instructions...::This did not meet my expectations at all there were no instructions for installation and was just collecting dust in my closet so I gave it away to a "Techno-phile" friend of mine...::Randell S. Boysen::1.0::February 11, 2014
R1TXDACHGHY567::Bad::The siganl is very poor and the picture quality is extremely bad. there is no use at all from this.::Amazon Customer::1.0::February 11, 2014
R3HKVZ9L1VY1AO::Never got it to transmit video ..::I never got it to transmit video.  I tried everything i could think of, and tested it in a small open area to rule out any signal problems.I also tried it on all possible channel configurations.  At least it is cheap, its not a great loss.  But I do wish it would work.::Tom East::1.0::January 13, 2014
R2A9NF6TD8DRL9::Good Wireless color camera::I like this nice camera because it works as advertise it, the best is the color is sharp and steady. Transmitter and receiver work both good. only one thin is not too good. The 9 volt battery for the little camera wont last too much time, camera and transmitter must be plug with each power supply included in the package. I recommend this product.::Bony::4.0::August 24, 2013
RINZXX64KQAKW::total junkkkkkkkkkk::that's right to good to be true,put camera 12 inch from tunner guess what ya you guessed right,doesent work at all but im not asking for refund because the seller must really need some money.BUT SAVE YOURSELF DONT DO IT.::Fred H.::1.0::August 22, 2013
R2N2AQ69FTSL27::does not work::could not use for 1 sec and its just a waste of money. Want to return and will try as it just::anil aggarwal::1.0::August 11, 2013
R1D7580DFM4HMT::Bad Unit .::It looked like the unit was used. Nothing was wrapped. Like it was just put back in the box and returned, and then sent back out. Camera got very hot after a few minutes. then the picture faded away. I think this was just a bad unit and should not reflect on all units.  Wish they offered a replacement. I may reorder.::Mike husband::2.0::July 28, 2013
R2ENYWUHV3335V::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::Several attempts to get it to work not once was successful. No pictures, nor even a shadow. I will not recommend this camera.  However, I have been in touch with the seller and now in the process of returning this product.  After several fruitless attempts the seller agreed to refund the cost of this camera. Yet, suggesting that I should tried to seller to someone else. A defective and damage camera. Personally will not recommend this product.::Jose::2.0::July 24, 2013
RY9TXC938KLOX::DOA::This product didn't work right out of the box.  The power supply for the main receiver unit did not output any voltage (verified with a multimeter).  Sent back for a refund.  No idea if any of the other components worked, can't receive a signal from a camera who's receiver didn't work.::James Brent Yancey::1.0::July 20, 2013
R2B84VXFA1I7OI::this thing work good for me::i like this set up it a nice cam I am now going to look for a used v.c.r  to tape the video from this  I am going to be moveing soon I got this so that I can hook it up in are pc room and see what's going on for a another room I mite put the can in a toy or something to hide it so that on one can see it that way if some one come over and walks off with some thing I have it all on tape you have to fine tune in the video on this thing but when you do it woks great for you  I wish I can hok it up to my lap top so I can tape thing or see what's going on at home when I am there..... I hope this help's you!!!::stevebeegle1970::5.0::July 15, 2013
R26Q03GYIQH78A::It suck big time::Never got it to work I want my money back:/  never buy this camera it's a money lots type of deal::Danny::1.0::May 15, 2013
R2KPD1AUHY77ZU::Not for use with nearby wireless modem::The product works good but only if I unplug or disconnect my wireless modem.  The signal from the camera does not work with a wireless modem.::DANILO GOPEZ::2.0::March 23, 2013
R127BSE0WIEI3F::Mini Camera::Wish it was wireless but I love it especially the color not black and white,it small which I like,need to play with it more.::quincyjohnson::5.0::March 17, 2013
R2R8XR3F4SI2U1::Don't waste your time::Completely useless. Extremely hard to tune and does not really have a practical use. Audio wire right out of the box was broken and hanging from the camera. Mounting and focusing is a minimum of a two person job. Save your money and buy something worth the effort. The only good thing is Amazon just right on the return.::Unhappy::5.0::February 19, 2013
R2VJIMDUIU8YF2::hola::mi mejor compra me gusta el productola experiencia de comprar la mejor es un buen producto sadn ndn dnnd dmmd::atenas::5.0::January 19, 2013
R2CVOGTOXC90TG::Won't work after 1 week of service::I would NEVER RECOMMEND this product for the home, much less in a business.  It worked for a week then failed to transmit anything but a rolling pattern with no picture at all.My bad for not returning it for a replacement.::Dr. Dave "Dr. Dave"::1.0::January 7, 2013
RAZNUT86VNRC9::Thing broke after less than a year::We used this for spying on our newborn. We mounted it in the corner of her room and had a cheap flat sreen 7" tv for the monitor. The two units have to be fairly close to one enough without too much interference but even then the picture wasnt all that great. The camera stopped working after 9 or so months so its garbage now. I was also going to use it on my RC helicopter but it didnt work well enough for that.::brandon gimshaw::3.0::December 27, 2012
R2A99GCXVHY25V::Not recommended...::I bought it to see my kids when they are by themselves in their playroom.But, reception is shoddy, and the lens is by no means wide angle... It's just sitting now in a box.. I should just trough it away...::Sebas::2.0::December 5, 2012
R14SCK9N7B7UU::Less than one star!!!::I purchased several cams and this was one of them. It was returned the next day!I have several others that I use so I have experience with cameras and wireless.First of all I don't like the tuning knob on the receiver. It makes it hard to adjust the frequency!Second, it had a terrible picture, even with the cam and receiver sitting next to each other while I was trying to tune it in.When I had it tuned, I moved it to another room (25 feet away) and the picture was even worse. So it went from bad to worse!!!The sound was not much if any at all!!!So either this camera was broke or just lousily for the price, which BTW, was not worth even if someone gave it to me for free.All of my other wireless cameras (900 MHz or 1.2 GHz) work great, transmitters, receivers, and cameras, IP cams etc.I also purchased another web based camera at the same time and even through it was less money, the pic was superb and it pans and tilts.So I would look elsewhere for something different...::Rad Brad::1.0::December 2, 2012
R31N45EKQIYWQJ::poor results...::I purchased this security camera and receiver and it didn't work in my house!  I would not recommend this product!  I feel it should be takennoff the market!::cj::1.0::October 16, 2012
R2A4Z0VWDIXPD::Okay, But not what is shown in the pictures!::I bought this and recieved on the estimated delivery day but it was not what i was expecting. It would not stay on the right frequncey it would like to change all the time. If you wanted it to record it would work for about 15 min, then change to a differnt frecuency. But the packaging was okay. I would rate it a 3.::jordan::3.0::August 12, 2012
R371VQYSUM43SB::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::A peace of crap, a waste of money, do not buy it and it is black and white not stable image::S. Hraybi "kindle boy"::1.0::July 29, 2012
R32ICWVO7F4J1Q::Sigh::well didn't look like the product on the picture but was similar tho the one i got. idk why it would have a tunner/receiver if the mini cam had no channel changing on it if its straight oone signal XD receiver works with my other wireless cam this one had a weird plugs, thought they would be | | but there  *  * circler so had no outlet so i found 2 9v 200m works on the receiver but i guess i burnt out the mini cam (product uses 9v 500m) tho weird tho that it would burn out any ways and when tested never got one good image all wave lines like back in the days were they would use wave thing to block cable channel XDbut i bet would be a great cam if i had gotten it to work tho =/::Sigh::1.0::April 26, 2012
R3P1SQNHG6TMW3::Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::I was most impressed with the speed of delivery.I Ordered the Mini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone one night and it was there 3 days later.Having a little trouble figuring out how all of this stuff works cuz I also Ordered that little rectangular camera with mic and the 3 LED's on each side of the lens,I ordered the lighter camera too.That and the easy cap and RCA,S-vid/VGA jack cable will be here in a few days.I Saw a video of a kid hooking the thing Up to a TV.I'm Going to try that but how do I hook it up to my computer and record everything say,on an external drive? What's a good book that explains how to set up camera systems like this?::Rob from Oregon::3.0::April 16, 2012
R2NLW1YFFUM7L6::awesome for short range fpv (first person view) rc planes::this is a great product. i have already got a more powerful (3 mile range) long range system, which i use on a large rc plane to buzz my friends houses. the problem with that is that it costs $200. i used this on a small rc plane , using long av wires to mount it under the overhang of my roof outside my window. i then connected the wires to a 3.5" monitor, and flew the plane out my window using the video to pilot it. range was about 300 meters with upgraded antennas (cloverleaf hand shaped antennas, VERY DIFFICULT TO MAKE, NOT RECOMMENDED. if you do not know what a cloverleaf antenna is, you are not ready to make one. if you do, i am sure you can figure it out.) it was fun to fly around the neighborhood and chase birds. also a great school project.links:plane [...]monitor: http://www.amazon.com/3-5-Inch-TFT-Monitor-Automobile/dp/B0045IIZKU/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_topantenna how-to:[...]::Joe Dockstader::4.0::January 30, 2012
R3GCGMIV6I6MDP::good for the cost::ok so i was not expecting it to be so small the camera was smaller that a doller coin and the recevier could fit in the plam of my hand the picure was not to amazing but it is amazing for the small size of the camera::good::4.0::January 26, 2012
R1UX30BJTIYIJX::Meh ...::The unit I have works and is nice and small.The picture can be clear at times but don't expect anything near HD.You will have to tune the knob to actually find the camera.For what you are paying, I think it is acceptable; however, I find that mine is highly susceptible to interference.From across the room it is typically fine, but put 1 interior wall between my camera & receiver and it starts to get a fuzzy signal.So, I can't see this working well for any sort of home security unless your receiver is right by the camera .... which somewhat defeats the purpose of it being wireless.I'd probably be happier with a wired version for home security... what I have now will probably go in my camping bag because provided there is enough open area, I think it could be fun.::Locked Up::2.0::September 21, 2011
R1EXQC1T6EJ019::No is good::I try it today, The isntallation is easy, but only some times and second I can watch the video on the tv, the receptio is too badd. Bad Items, with time I'll try this one again, but look bad.::Fitroy Villalobos::2.0::June 17, 2011
R1OKEL3WXWIVM5::this is no good::this wireless is not worth  it i would not recomde this i got this for the frist time and it brock down on and i was mad please do not buy  thisMini Wireless Color Camera with Microphone::punkenking::1.0::March 19, 2012
R1XB2OZJVR5SYV::Don't waste your money.::Wasted $50 when I bought it. The camera is very bad. You can't make out a persons face and you have to have VERY good lighting to make it work. Shapes are just about the only thing you can make out on this.::porsh944t::1.0::October 29, 2008
R1BURS8OZ4PC7P::this product does not work::this product does not work and it comes with little to no instructions for someone who has no experience.  no i have paid alot of money and they will not refund me.  do not buy.  it is a rip off.  the advertise that its ready to go .  its not.  do not buy::ng::1.0::March 7, 2014
RX8T0VLF13VE4::havent used it yet::I have not yet used this product because I do not have any screens that are old enough to accept the AVI cable.  A USB connector would be nice.  I have not yet bought an adapter.::sb::3.0::December 10, 2012
R2REWKW03DNS1M::the product does not work::The product you buy does not work, I wonder if that could be changed or repaired and I'm from Paraguay product is very expensive for not being able to use itI hope the information to solve the problemThanksLuis Vitaleluis.vitale@gmail.comAsuncin - Paraguay::Luis Vitale::1.0::January 10, 2012
R680KE2FLQE6E::Not what you expect::Where to start. I ordered this product just wanting it for security purposes. Some people say they had WiFi problems but I didn't. Now your probably wondering why I rated it 1 star then? I plugged everything in and the camera was not even 10 feet from the reciver and did not work. So when I tried to return it to amazon they just gave me a whole run around saying o return it to amazon return center. I don't know how many times I asked them through email explain how to return they were no help this product sucks don't buy it::Bo::1.0::December 25, 2011
R1OL71TK65RS9H::This was a gift::I bought this for someone else so according to them it works perfectly.  No complaints.::Shonta Alexander::5.0::May 21, 2010
R329FJFLIZ88SL::i didnt get my package::I never got my psckage..i psid didnt i i should had got it bynow plz track my package..How fo i get my package::herbert thompson::1.0::December 18, 2013
R3KA4AFM5Q1CW0::Worked well for 3 weeks...::Then died!It was a good little camera while it was alive.I would have given it 4 stars if it hadn't died.::Jeffrey Atherton::1.0::July 28, 2013
R3VCKHWJTK17I3::Totally disappointed::The reception is awful.  The visual is just as awful.  Not good even a little bit.  A waste of money.  I am now scared to attempt similar purchases.::N. P.::5.0::May 15, 2013
RFXZMLUQMVPWM::okay just is hared to use don't buy it trust me it dose not work .::its dose not work it sucks i like it but it sucks. it fun if you get a working one but it just dose not work.::steven montgomery::4.0::April 5, 2013
R1SEG3HAWDBSKE::Excelente Servicio!!!::Excellente Servicio... quede muy complacido  a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r ..........::Roberto Jaramillo::5.0::December 27, 2011
R29C5E7TC0EQNF::camera::I am not happy with this product it does not work with my computer and I cannot get the software make it work::Chris Gates::1.0::December 10, 2011
R32PIY4OJN0ESI::very good qulity::i trust for every thing , from amazon site , and it is very good quality , and i am planning to deal many time from this sealer::said::5.0::September 23, 2011
R3BEA2MD4NKQ2J::STILL WAITING::Ordered this a month ago and am still waiting to receive it. Hopefully it shows up soon. Great price, but I can't use something that I don't actually have in hand.::Owen C. Caldwell::1.0::September 27, 2012
R3CB1BK99Q6K8R::OK::OK received a call  I did order these presents for Christmas. God bless you. Please trust this transaction. STEVE MILLER JR::p::4.0::December 15, 2011
R35LRP6J7DBBGO::Can I connect this to my MacBook Pro?::If I want this to be shown and recorded on my MacBook pro, First, can I do this? Second, what equipment/software do I need to buy in addition? Thanks.::Douglas M. Brannan "DMBRANNAN"::5.0::December 8, 2010
R2Q6XU3XKNNO0L::dont buy it::dont buy itits not worth the moneyeven for freeits uselesssorryeven not 1 star::aaashi "the safe"::1.0::June 21, 2009
R33UV0PPEMKNEU::Better than expected::This is the first time I use a surveillance system, I was searching for a low cost device for my office.  I purchase this device with the "SVAT CCDCO Mini Indoor CCD Pinhole Camera Kit" and I'm happy ever since.Here is what I have found after 30 days of use:**Installation:  Can't be easier, just plug and play, it comes with everything I needed and something I don't (a CD that I haven't found the need of use).**Setting up the system (date, time, video quality ...): I had a problem here, I hooked up the device on my LED TV but it didn't show any video signal (I don't know why), I tried using another monitor and it worked just fine (I purchased  the "3.5 Inch TFT LCD Monitor for Car" with a "DC Female to 4 Male Power Splitter Cable" to power it up), just fallow the manual to set up the device.**Recording Time:  This is my favorite part, with a 32 GB memory, in QVGA mode (320*240),  I get 9 days of continuous recording time, that's it much better than I expected.I hope this review helps you somehow, sorry if I misspelled something, I'm not good with English and this is my firs review.::Anthony M.::5.0::March 22, 2013
R1VZ5AF8Z0MK18::No problems .. performs as expected::**UPDATE BELOW**** NEW UPDATE BELOW **1) First I had problems being able to write to the card. I think that you need a) to have power plug OUT .. b) insert card .. c) then power on. After this, I had no problems writing to the card.2) Playback from device seems to be B&W; only, however, playback via VLC on computer was color with timestamp in bottom right. (See update below)3) It's certainly compressed video, the playback isn't as clean as the original source. (See update below)4) The manual is in "chin-lish" .. but it all seems to make sense.5) Passthrough to external monitor image is as clean as original. (but playback is not see #2 & #3)6) All in all, really not bad for the money paid, I am waiting on a different model tomorrow which is 2x the price. I'll let you know which turns out to be tops.7) The size of this unit is about same as pack of cigarettes .. quite compact.8) It TAKES MICRO-SD cards (what the manufacturer seems to refer to as TF cards (tiny flash??))9) Navigation and setup very barebones and simple.10) I have not played too much with Motion Detection feature, but it does seem to have the feature.11) It comes default set to PAL TV output. Easy enough to change to NTSC, but this change is not done via the menu system. You need to add a file to the ROOT-DIR of your Micro-SD card called "system.txt" .. that file should contain only 7 characters .. F15V0S9 == F = Framerate (default 15) V = video system (default 0 for PAL .. change to 1 for NTSC) .. S = sensitivity (dafault 9) they say higher number = more sensitive. They say to remove the file once it has been read once since it will otherwise be read during boot each time which is unnecessary.1-star off for the obviously compressed video quality, which might not be fair to the unit, but I would have liked to have seen slightly better quality. FYI, I am running an Everfocus EHD730 Camera as input.**UPDATE AFTER A DAY OF PLAYING WITH IT**Regarding #2 above: The playback on through the device is IN COLOR. Maybe I just had it in a strange state PAL vs. NTSC in my initial experience.Regarding #3 above: lower frame rates (5fps) seem to have better playback quality (this is to be expected) .. but still not as good as original source (also to be expected).A thought: At the price of this unit, it may be advantageous to place it "inline" for each camera with a more standard "security DVR" for backup purposes perhaps as it's passthrough video is clean "original image quality" and for a small camera system, it might be nice to be able to simply pop a card and save/share the video.. again, just a thought.** NEW UPDATE **See my review of another portable DVR product, where I compare directly to this product .. http://www.amazon.com/VideoSecu-Detector-Recorder-Security-Surveillance/dp/B002QHBNXI/** Will update again should the need arise, but currently I'm very happy with the unit. I've added a star (total of 5) based on my new findings. **::J. P. Freeley::5.0::April 2, 2013
R29ZZPLSNDJH7N::Can't go wrong for the price!::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOhiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOrefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso;	   


function cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.write("cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKO', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKO';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKO', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKO";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m1QW9XP783S1WH";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m1QW9XP783S1WH";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R29ZZPLSNDJH7N";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m1QW9XP783S1WH/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKO', 0, h);
}

function cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOnewHeight(h);

  cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOso.write("cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKORollOverImg = new Image();
cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKORollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91ACByi7GlS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOpreplayImageId');
if (cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOpreplay) {
  cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91ACByi7GlS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91ACByi7GlS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOcurrentClick) {
      return cv_moVXZOUD4TWIKOcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 1:26 MinsSummary: Great unit for the money with decent video quality. Can't go wrong for the price! Below is some useful information on the machine.Storage Card Data (Continuous Recording Mode):On continuous recording mode the DVR will breakup the recordings into 30 minute sections. I found the motion sensor is not to accurate and has too much delay to be trusted. Thus, I prefer continuous mode. One commenter mentioned getting 9 days of recording on a 32GB card. I have done multiple tests and that is just not the case: not even close.QVGA Data = .8GB's Per 1 Hour of Video = 40 Hours on 32GB SD CardQVGA Mode (lowest quality) will more then doubles the storage space and the image quality is not much different from the VGA mode (highest quality). See video for comparison. Testing results equated to about .8GB's per 1 hour of video footage. This equates to about 40 hours of continuous recordings on a 32GB card. On my test I got about 22 hours of footage which took up 17.8GB on the card. The files are easy to navigate (see attached image).VGA Data = 2GB's Per 1 Hour of Video = 16 Hours on 32GB SD CardVGA Mode (highest quality) uses a lot of space at about 2GB's per 1 hour of footage. This equates to about 16 hours of continuous recordings on a 32GB card. My test got about 2 hours of footage that took up over 4.16GB on the card. Not recommended.USB Card: Make sure to click "safely remove hardware" for the SD Card every time you use the card on the PC. If you do this the card will work flawlessly with the unit. You could also use Notebook to make a simple system.txt to improve the image quality (see J.P.'s review for more info).Menu: Pretty easy to navigate with wheel. Just make sure that you press the wheel into the unit while making selections (took me a while to figure out). See video for what the menu system looks like and how to use the wheel.Update: Once the video card fills up it will automatically erase the oldest file and replace with the current recording. If recording continuously, this gives you a backup of 40 hours at all times. This product is even better then I originally thought. Instead of having to erase the card every day or so, it does it automatically. That is not mentioned in the manual. COOL! Five Stars!::Benefit of the doubt::5.0::May 17, 2013
R6RZ43GLO384N::DVR is great BUT!!::The DVR and it's functions are great. Easy setup with a two function selector and on screen display.  Decent quality video and audio as was expected from the specifications.The down side was that it came with a foreign power supply.  I recieved an email from Dozens Media prior to arrival that warned this may be the case and to notify them and they would send the correct one. Contacting them i was told since it had been purchase through Amazon they couldn't help with the matter. Amazon had me return that unit and replaced it with one with the same power supply.  Amazon did offer a 20% discount on the item or full refund. As the unit was what I wanted I took the discount.Hoping it continues to work.::CSI-COP::3.0::June 26, 2013
R20LTNSCEO4D::Works great!::I use this in my car with a 32Gb card. I have 4 cameras routed through a multiplexer and into the DVR. The interface isn't amazing but works for what it is. The quality is adjustable and it offers auto record and motion record options which is perfect for car cams. The best part is that when the power is cut the device uses the last of its power to finalize the video file, it even says goodbye before it shuts off!::Timothy E. Clark "Tim Clark"::4.0::August 8, 2013
R27LZ1C21UXVZM::Clumsy Controls::This device works, but the controls interface and instructions are lacking. You'll be hard pressed to find a grammatically correct sentence in the instructions and the menu controls involve pushing in a very tiny disk and rocking it left and right. One has to wonder why they didn't just split the functions out into separate push-buttons.::A. Holmes "Holmes"::3.0::June 10, 2013
R3LXYNWFTDRU1L::Shot in the dark::Yours may work ok when you get it or it, as in my case, will be worthless.  It is hit or miss on recording.  It is not reliable and is JUNK.::BruceParmele::1.0::April 5, 2014
R1DICNIRGY9EHW::wish I purchased another product::Works and does the job I wanted it to do, however it was difficult to set up and I would purchase something else if I had it to do over again.::Wanda Hardwic-Ekon::3.0::March 21, 2014
R2A32RGXWZYTD6::Video worked but audio did not::The device arrived within 2 days (Prime Subscriber) and it took a while to decipher the instructions because it was filled with grammatical errors.  Understandable, but the seller probably should have spent a little extra time or money to translate it correctly.  The menu is very simple to maneuver but the buttons slider switch seems very delicate (I hope it doesn't break with constant use).I connected the DVR to a camera and it captured video in continuous recording format.  After pressing the function button, it places the recording on pause and will automatically continue recording after 10 seconds.  I wished it simply had a record "on" and "off" button instead of resuming the recording automatically after 10 seconds.  I would rather control when to record and when not to record.  I guess you can power it off to stop the recording.Keep a small  ball point pen handy because of the possibility of needing to press the reset button if it gets stuck and won't function.  This randomly happened when turning the device on or changing the settings.Now the audio feature.......  I tried connecting to my cable box (video out/audio out) and had to turn the cable box volume up extremely high to capture audio. Upon playback, the audio was garbled and not easy to hear.  I would have hoped I could also use this device as a type of recording device to capture video and audio, but the audio feature was a failure.Bottom line: The video recording feature succeeded and meets the need of storing many hours of video capture, but relying it to also capture audio might be a disappointment.::mcrdaddy::3.0::February 2, 2014
R1SGCESDIB9ZXN::A good little DVR::I bought this DVR to use with a cheap outdoor camera to watch my garden.  I wanted to know if the deer, rabbits, or neighbors were grazing when I wasn't looking.  It records decent resolution pictures and works for my intended use except that the motion sensor is not sensitive enough.  It requires motion within 10 feet of the camera to start recording--this might be a function of the camera I have--I'm not sure as I only have the one camera.  When I tried to set it up, I had it connected to a 15 inch lcd TV--the set up screen would not work--just a blank screen.  I purchase a small monitor like they use on rear cameras in cars and the set up screen was visible.  Someone in another review had the same problem--this is why I gave it only 4 stars.  There are better solid state recorders out there, but for the money, this one works pretty well.  For continuous recording it works great.::J. Seelye::4.0::June 17, 2013
R2U4GUZ1NP4RHE::It works but the motion detection was to slow to react::I bought this to try and find out who was going through the gate in the back yard and leaving it open. I mounted the camera far enough away to see the gate and walk way but yet close enough to see who it was. I used the motion detection because It was filling up the memory card with nothing. With the detection all I got was a 15 minute AVI video of an open gate. So it works but not the way I need it to.::Tiffany Buell::3.0::April 23, 2013
R1X9XCLP7SKT30::Does what it's supposed to decently for a good price.::Summary: Decent, might break, but price is good.Thanks to JP Freeley I was able to set it to NTSC.  By default it's PAL.  No good for me.  I tried 15 frames per second, 24 fps, and 30fps.  30fps is smoothest but at the cost of image quality.  Apparently it has a data rate around 4Mbps.  So image quality is inversely tied to the frame rate you choose.  24fps seems the best compromise between quality and smoothness.  In fact, unless you're moving the camera really fast I doubt you could tell the difference.  I import these files into a computer so the 24fps is not an issue.  It might be a problem for some monitors, I'm not sure.I will be using this to record my r/c FPV flights in a video ground station as a secondary video source - the main being a gopro.  I like that it's small and portable.  The buttons don't feel very strong though.  However I will set it to continuous record and only use the button to stop the recording.  I may test just shutting down power and seeing if the file is corrupted or can still be imported. For the price, it does exactly what I need and does it decently.::rocketscience::4.0::November 14, 2013
R3MY0V7GJ47TPW::Returned two - these dvr's do not work::Purchased this DVR and could not get a usable recording. Used the SD formatter (included) tried other formatting options. Used every tip offered by previous customers with successful installs - including introducing the system.txt file in the root directory. Tested this DVR in parallel with another DVR (that does work). Will not purchase a third, as the install failure rate of the product is too high.::Mitchel Martin::1.0::August 1, 2013
RURQ751JK5JF1::Better than expected::Great little mini DVR. The only issue I had was the menu was in Chinese and took a bit to change over to English. The MAJOR plus is a feature that NOBODY realizes... When set to continuous record and installed into a vehicle when you key on it starts to record, when you key off it stops without corrupting the video. Then when you key on again it starts another video file. This is EXACTLY what I wanted. I just need to find out if it will delete the oldest files when the SD card fills up that way I do not have to keep monitoring the card and deleting the files so it can continue recording. I purchased several "Dash cams" that ended up being JUNK, I installed this with a standard home security camera with microphone looking forward out the windshield and it doesn't miss a beat. Better in every sense of the work. Wired to the key and it records when ever I am driving. I have a second rear view camera looking out the back and both wired to a 10x4 monitor in place of my rearview mirror and is better than a mirror.::Richard A Drennan "R Drennan"::5.0::June 4, 2014
R3F80YUT8VZYVS::Records video, but menu needs help::It does seem to record fairly well as far as video goes, but no audio.  SYSTEM.TXT seems to do nothing.  Stuck at 25 FPS resolution, and the menu is garbled and flickers.  Not at all as crisp as the video review posted here.  Still trying to decide if I keep it or not.::Jennifer Shah::2.0::June 1, 2014
R2Y3E4NBOJJJ84::Did Not Work for Me::To start, the device did not come with the Software CD, so I'm not sure if there was an extra configuration that was supposed to be performed with it.  I could get video to pass through the device, but could not bring up the menu for any configuration.  When setup to record, it did not record video, but just created video files without any video and just static for sound.  I've returned the product and picked up another brand and it is working as intended so far.::Craig Sharpe::1.0::May 22, 2014
R35SWI2NRBX6HX::Works fine for the money.::Not a high quality recorder, but does deliver for the price. The instruction were a poor Chinese to English translation. With the small amount of features, it was fairly easy to push buttons and figure out the format of how to set it up and use it.I would purchase again if I needed this type of DVR.::RC Fly'er::4.0::April 12, 2014
RZ56HXTR6B9RU::Can't use it since it's missing components::After opening and plugging in the AC adapter, I was going to connect it to my computer but I was missing the CCTV adapters. I will contact customer service as soon as I can. Also the device comes with a USA ac adapter not the "USA travel adapter" in the picture.::Fernando arroyo::1.0::April 9, 2014
R2BN0BKZ3MR329::AMAZING LITTLE DVR!!!::THIS THING IS AMAZING!! I JUST BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE LAST MONTH BECAUSE I LOVED IT!! IT USES MICRO SD CARDS UP TO 32GB!! I USED CLASS 2 CARD AND CLASS 10 AND THEY BOTH WORKED THE SAME, AWESOME LITTLE GUY!! PLUG AND PLAY!! , MAKE SURE YOU READ THE INSTRUCTIONS::Jose colocho::5.0::March 17, 2014
R3UE9OYIVOLL5Q::Not really::Its okay, just that in my case it seems not to be all the benefit that I was expecting from this item.::Jose::3.0::February 23, 2014
R1CDAB5RLEKKKS::Didn't work properly so It's really hard to rate::I noticed that roughly half of the reviews said that it did not work so I figured it was a gamble. The one I got did not work, but since I ordered it "fulfilled by Amazon," the refund process was super easy.::NoNoBaddog::1.0::September 2, 2013
R1F6FN7AQGQ30I::I am not in Europe::Item arrived with an unusable European ac power plug transformer. I plugged the device to a same size American plug and smoked the device.::Eric Farmer::2.0::May 5, 2013
RGULYUTM9Q80M::Not reliable for actual security use::While the unit might be considered clever in size and design it has serious flaws for use as a security device.In motion detect mode the video does not have any pre-capture and worse has a significant (seconds) of delay in video capture after motion is presented. This allows plenty of time for the suspect to move away from the camera before video recording starts.You could use continues mode and get one photo per second at the expense of recording space.No sensitivity or masking is provided, so the units records more events than you may want.The video compression in VGA mode creates files of about 550mb per activation based on the size of movement, so even the maximum 32GB storage may be too small. In QVGA mode the quality is too low for face detection.The Video in and out connectors are low quality pin jacks and unreliable, bumping any wire may disable the recording without you knowing it.The manual is translated Chinese, give yourself plenty of time to figure out how to use it.::FMD::2.0::August 23, 2013
R3I0G69ZM1UPL7::Just a waist of time for me::I couldn't get this product to work . It was really a waist of time for sure . I should have trusted the reviews::bad::1.0::October 12, 2013
R3QWVANSX0W3XM::Does what it says::I installed this, set the date and time, and it just worked.  It starts recording when powered up and saves an .avi file with a timestamp filename.  I use this for recording a wireless video stream from a homemade RC tank.  It's a good value for the price.::Dennis Atwood::5.0::October 5, 2013
R3TYA12HLFNZ73::Ok for continuous, motion detect will miss everything!::I bought this to help prep for nanny duty coming soon. I like the fact that it is a solid metal shell, sturdy and compact. The control which is a push button dial is basic but serves it's function well enough. The menu and software is basic which is fine considering the price, nothing fancy just basic file selection then push the dial in for play and it will reply what it recorded. If it was on montion sensor then it would only play from the time it picked up motion to the time seconds after it senses no more changes in the background. The deal breaker for me was the motion detect. It has settings for continuous, stills and motion. The continuous is fine so if you do not plan on using the stills or motion detect your fine. I however wanted to maximize my microsd and not try to review 24 hrs of pure nothing so I wanted motion detect. It barely worked!! I tried different spy cams, same result. It will only sense massive changes in background so in other words, I can jump up and down and have my wife and I walk thru the view range and it will not record. However if I took the cam and gave it shaken baby syndrome or blocked the most of cam with my hand for about a few seconds, then it MAY record. By that time, the nanny/burglar/whoever would beat everyone senseless, eat a sandwich and then leave the house! I probably only get a pic of the show out the door by then WTH!. I really was hoping this would work out but it looks like I will have to buy a full size DVR unit 4 channel and run some lines.Oh, did I mention it came with Euro power supply plug? They included an adapter but by the time you plug it all in, The stack is about 5 inches high or so, not including the power strip. Yea...It does support up to 32 gb microSD and the motion detect was the unit. I have good cameras (600 TVL)and while the pic is fine, it's the motion detect that kills this. Still images are fine, but if someone sneaks in and out of frame in less than a few seconds...it would miss them. I tried..it did not catch me walking from the doorway into the master bath and back out.1/21/14 - I guess a couple promoters of this product disagrees with me::Vance::2.0::September 30, 2013
R27ADGW2NSKBPL::Does not work - No Power::Finally received item from my shipping agent. It does not work. No Power on unit. Power source works fine but not actual product. Disappointing... Worst $$$ ever spent.::Mark::1.0::February 22, 2014
R2QQTYXY98POT9::Wrong Power Adapter!::This MIGHT be a good product, but I have no way of knowing since they sent me a European power adapter! There was no other adapter or converter in the package. I would like to try this product out if the seller would send me the correct power adapter.UPDATE: Was able to find a power adapter for $30! So that hurdle is past. Now that it works, it only records for 5 second then stops. This is on continuous mode not motion detect. Wish there was a forum for discussions about this product.::Jeffrey Atherton::1.0::July 10, 2013
RMNC4KRJNGSY3::Not for use in USA::No where does it tell you that the power plug is not usable in the USA.  It has 2 round prongs, not the flat prongs as used in USA.  I returned it immediately.::Katje52::1.0::May 28, 2013
RB8EN8YBI6U1A::test before protest::This one gos back for sure, a pease of junk u need to improve or invest  in better product, there making u look bad::James S Cienfuegos::1.0::April 11, 2014
R1Q5I1Q4GSCLT4::don't buy, cheap swith breaks::The three way switch is so fagile it broke. ... cant get monitor to stop scrolling so I can use menu to operate ... then the cheap fragile 3 way switch breaks ... extremely disappointed.::elman may::1.0::May 2, 2013
R1KZ5QF3FQ5PKG::Took forever!::I wasn't happy it took almost 3 weeks (or more) to get. It was not indicated on the site it was on back order. It said in stock. I haven't had the change to put them to use so I will update later.::Devon O'Neil::3.0::March 14, 2013
R15WLC52XPBQ3B::Excellent value for the $$::Anyone who's been in the electronics field as long as I have (34 years and counting) is going to be pretty selective (rightly so) about their test gear. I researched at least four similar devices (including Ideal's $700+ unit) before choosing this one, and I am not at all disappointed.The first impression I had upon pulling it out of the box was the build quality. Despite being an import, this is a surprisingly rugged device with a first-class keypad. The display is bright and clear, easily visible in open daylight, and having multimeter plus PTZ test functions in one unit is extremely handy when you're 10 feet up on a ladder, poking around inside a camera's guts.My one and ONLY gripe so far is the multimeter test leads. They're definitely not up to the same standard as the instrument itself, being PVC insulated as opposed to the higher-quality silicone rubber found on better sets.I would not hesitate to recommend this unit to anyone working in the CCTV arena.::kc7gr::4.0::October 28, 2012
R1F87G0Q37A973::A must if you install cams::Other companies put their name on this and sell it for a lot more.  This thing works great.  I'm very pleased.  I've used it on a dozen jobs so far, with no problems.  Huge thumbs up.  It's also a VOM.  Battery seems to last forever::FP Crazy::5.0::July 8, 2013
R244JARMHHZHHE::Awesome!::Wow this has made my work easy.Excellent tech. The company sent them immediately, so I got it in 24hours.Love it::KdKazaam::5.0::January 15, 2014
RLZX7X0754RH8::Approve::It has everything we needed to get he job done at the right price. Simple to use and the PTZ control is awsome!::Chris::4.0::November 4, 2013
RGQ4FJLUEQEK1::Unit works as advertised::This unit has been an asset to the installation of the new security cameras and no problems with this unit so far.::Justo Morell::4.0::June 11, 2013
R3L2ZR2WE7F8O6::good tool::So far so good. It's got a good picture and the battery life is a plus. Haven't had the chance to try the ptz control, but all other functions are satisfactory. Convenient tool, I'd recommend it. Been in the biz for about 15::dog dad::4.0::April 15, 2013
R2A3OBZKP1WV99::great device::its really very useful device it was great service i receive it on time and it was as written I work in security camera system field and i used this device this week to test a big camera system with more than 50 CCTV camera the monitor clear is nice and the 12v output is amazing and the charge also very good i used the device to test the 50 cameras and i use it with out needing to charge and don't forget its really in very reasonable price, so if you work with CCTV camera system don't think twice use this device its really helpful.::Alaa::5.0::July 17, 2012
R38IPSSCBHL76W::Couldn't imagine maintaining a system without one of these!::It met every expectation we had.  Great for taking up a ladder with no hands required.I really like the rechargeable battery.  Wish I had purchased it a year ago: we could have saved a few days labor by now.::Frank Rioux::5.0::June 19, 2013
R6QJYQ210ZVUK::Very Handy.::Very handy. Very good not just for setting up cameras, but DVRs also.It does the job. Multimeter comes handy to make sure no short when making cables.::Amazon Customer "raulgvalle"::5.0::May 26, 2014
R1QK3C8XNW8UUG::worked good the first time I used it.::Now some of the buttons dont work or repeat as if I were holding it down.Amazon wont take it back and I have no idea who to contact for warranty repair???::P. Boulanger "Regular Guy"::1.0::May 6, 2014
R3851YD6VP2HLS::Great test piece for Camera setup.::This is the coolest piece I now own. I am installing a large number of outdoor cameras and this makes the process so much easier.The screen view is perfect, adjust the can, lock it in place and your done.::RICHARD E TANNER::5.0::May 6, 2014
RC02ZGANIQTWQ::CCTV multi-function tester::Great test set for the money. I have a home camera security system and I've used this tool often for camera set up and trouble shooting. I have not used all the features as yet but the quality of the unit seems very well made for a great value. I am gladI purchased this and will do it again, very handy to have.::Radeeohh::5.0::May 1, 2014
R2S4I95DD1HSHZ::not bad just dislike the battery style::battery is not a hard plastic battery its those metal foil bag type battery besides that it works as described::Ew00kie::4.0::February 28, 2014
R3PA4AAV28ZTV2::Eh, you get what you pay for::The battery compartment clip broke the very first time I tried to open it to connect the battery. It feels solid and works as advertised but the thickness of the tap for the battery compartment was way too thin and it just snapped when I put pressure on it to open the compartment.  I'll have to use it for some time before I can give it a better rating.::Enrico DePaolis::3.0::February 10, 2014
R1NHST8DVX3ZT0::Great unit for the price::Very nice unit for the price. Highly recommended for anyone needing a multifunction tester at a reasonible cost. I use the unit for testing CCTV camera installations and the display is clear and easy to see out side.::ken DeGroff::4.0::February 10, 2014
R10P5T2BPZ1T0X::great multifunction tester::excellent device for the price. Does multifunctions as advertised. would recommend it to anyone in the CCTV field. long battery life::David Bowerman::5.0::January 10, 2014
RLPDU6M93X3YM::The best test monitor I have ever used.  Great price and build quality.::The ability to troubleshoot PTZ cameras at the camera saves me allot of time and builds confidence in the customer.  I'm impressed with the build quality other functions.::Corey::5.0::December 4, 2013
RKEX5Y2TG7WBK::Great time saver!::This works as advertised. However, it needs to be plugged in to the charger to power the camera(s). I have used it many times in the past 3 months and learned to run power to the camera before trying to calibrate the view. For the price, this is a very cost-effective tool!::daveb::4.0::November 29, 2013
R2PYO1O1YV23WF::worth the money::Does Exactly what I needed it to do.  Instead of carrying a bulkier monitor this has multiple functions and light weight.  Have recommended to my coworkers as well.::I. Colon::5.0::November 26, 2013
R3DE2PSMM77FMF::because it meets my needs::very good this product met my needs and is working perfectly it is necessary, return to purchase it again. Grateful.::Sergio::5.0::November 16, 2013
R75YBJBZZKGB7::"Great for the price"::Excellent meter for this price. All in one network,telephony,and CCTV meter.keep you from running back and forth looking for and using multiple devices.Great construction and quality.::The Brothers::5.0::October 12, 2013
R3MXO540SCEVBB::Cctv Multi-function Tester PRO M - Built-in Digital Multimeter - 3.5" LCD...::I really like this CCTV Tester.  It does everything I need it to.  My only complaint is that it is hard to see in the daylight outside. That makes it difficult when working on outdoor security cameras.::tsnrunningbare::4.0::October 10, 2013
R3W37E873IK7S5::Nice::Great price, so far so good. I used it twice now just to adjust camera angles and view. Nice tool::Magic "Sjtkd"::4.0::September 27, 2013
R16V08QV3MB418::multi tester::This is an amazing peice of test equipment ;it is the most valuable cctv equipment I ever had,It replace 6 of my old test gear;It functions as described;long lasting battery;clear screen;But the instructions are a little tough to get use to.I give this high marks;::Gary C. Preston "Gary"::5.0::September 13, 2013
R1NWKTX9D66DW7::Very handy::Works very well for what I need. Beats having someone running into the office and look at the monitor every 5 seconds::Toddfrank::4.0::August 17, 2013
R1UL2WGZ8F9M8T::if you install CCTV, this is a MUST::Well was skeptical how good this would work, but let me tell you, I am now buying another for a member of our team, as this was a life saver!  You can finally do installs without having to run back to the DVR to see what you are doing.  Or need a 2nd person to relay where the camera position is.  Works great, battery ran for a 16 hour day / night install.  Obviously you don't keep it on all the time, just when you need to see what you are doing with the camera angles.  Enjoy!::Dr. X "Dr. X"::5.0::August 2, 2013
R30EGS5ZGUOT9H::Good functionality for the price::The color monitor is good for checking if your CCTV camera is working, in focus and pointed in the right direction. Great for installing CCTV cameras when you work alone or reduce going up and down the ladder. The metal tabs on the RCA cables were weak but for the price you can use your own cables.::PC User::4.0::July 11, 2013
R3GHFZH9OGFL32::Works great::Clear picure makes setting up camera real easy only on trip required to aim and focus insteaf of seveal to go back and look at moniter::Tom "Tom"::5.0::June 7, 2013
R29CIUK83VLB6L::Works great!!::It didn't take long to charge - the picture is crisp and clear - light weight and easy to use.  Perfect for what I need.::Martin Okulski::5.0::May 28, 2013
R2TMDTX5LCA3FO::perfect for installation::Works great. So far no problem.... every thing received as it promised. Good for beginner to any level does camera installation. I approved this.....::I M khan::5.0::May 8, 2013
R2M06E2KFVCHI3::works fine::It matched the look as pictured  product works great  as shown  It does need a jumper cable for a direct plug in::Robert E.::4.0::April 5, 2013
R21DCXKI8WM571::cool item::Very very helpful when installing cctv , helps trouble shoot for problems and shows picture angle to limit time later readjusting camera.::Darrell::4.0::February 24, 2013
R3QG5LVVBN3DJT::This device exceeded my expectations. Thanks!!::This is an incredible piece of equipment. It has worked very well and has allowed me to test the cameras I put up as well as make adjustments before connecting them to the system.::Adrian Tyndall::5.0::January 30, 2013
R22IHPSYX6ID5A::Herramienta completa::Es una excelente herramienta para quienes trabajan en CCTV, buen tamao de pantalla, fcil de usar, el maletn y los accesorios facilitan el cuidado del equipo::IVAN LASTRA::4.0::December 27, 2012
R24PB97I71K8EW::great meter::This meter works very well and the ability to power the camera from the meter is a bonus.You can install all cameras and have them set up, focused and ready to go even if the master control is not set up yet.::Jeffrey S. Evans "jeff_evans63"::5.0::December 19, 2012
R19WHLIQ3WXQ9M::2.5 Inch TFT LCD MONITOR COLOR CCTV CAMERA::I purchased this item. When i received it i could not use it because i had PAL Cameras.I was given an RMA to return the item. I did not need to return it anymore because i sold the item who was using NTSC cameras.The service was good.::ivan geerlings::5.0::November 1, 2012
R3RPAV9NR39SCL::cctv tester::great product very useful will recomend to anyone installing camera,sable to test cameras before installing them and adjusting osd menu for applicationthat you are installing them.::Bob::5.0::March 20, 2013
R2RUUZIQBZRX2S::Excellent::excellent product and a smooth delivery .. very satisfied with my purchase! Guaranteed quality product ... fair and accurate for its intended!!!!::Michele D'Amelio::5.0::October 12, 2013
R9LF2FCLTZP7G::Perfect::This product is very good, all items are useful and complete, thank you very much for this publication is perfect::Andres::5.0::September 22, 2013
R1PVJ4PNHYOJEF::Great camera for the price.  Wireless too!::Note to the reviewer who said he uses it facing outdoors.  If you login into the camera's software, there is a box to click for "Outdoors" and it works perfectly.  The sun will white wash out the picture if this box is NOT clicked.Does not have night vision, but works well with just the porch light on.  The software that comes with it is just okay.  I use ispy connect which is completely free and has lots of features.::Evan Isaacson::5.0::November 14, 2013
R3JH6JQ9IBUZNQ::Work Fine::They work fine and the price is right. I have two of these and they work with an Android app remotely - setup is a little tricky if you don't read instructions - but if you do read the instructions carefully it's easy.::Amazon Customer::5.0::February 8, 2013
RSAX4VOH4SKGQ::Met my expectations::I had a little trouble getting the Wi-Fi set up, but Rosewill provided good support to get it figured out.  I am pleased with the camera and it works as expected.  The included software enables recording onto your PC to serve as a security camera if desired. One thing to note is that it is set for indoor lighting levels.  I intended to use it to view outdoors through a window, but sunlight is too bright and it washes out the picture.  Changing the brightness settings did not help, but putting a tinted lense in front did.  Good camera for the money.::Norm Hansen::4.0::May 28, 2013
RR30W3S4L07WC::Not bad, but not great, either.::I got this to monitor my hallway in an apartment building for extra security(I don't live in the greatest neighborhood).  It's is sitting quite a ways from my router, and the signal has to penetrate a total of three walls in the process. The pic returned to my computer is decent, clear and with a wide enough angle to allow me to see whats going on outside my door pretty well.Getting that signal requires a bit of knowledge about router settings and how to access them, though, so keep that in mind when buying this. All of these IP cameras require you have some experience with that, not just this one, so I'm not going to hold anything against this for that. The included software is basic at best, but it does allow you to capture and record video with little fuss, so at least it's good enough for what I bought it for.The only real problem I'm seeing is the signal does drop a lot, causing a lot of skipping in my recordings, it does reset itself each time it does this, so at least it's still usable. All told, for the price, I got exactly what I paid for, nothing more, nothing less, and that makes me recommend this one.::Michael Livote "dragon2knight"::4.0::January 4, 2014
R32UY80HRZQQ8R::Solid DIY system - EXCELLENT support::Fortress S02-BThis system is packaged with care and is pre-programmed.  If you know nothing about electronics or security systems, but can read a manual (or three),you can have this system installed and tested in an afternoon.The most tools you will need are a drill (to sink "mollies" for mounting motion sensors and/or control unit)and a screwdriver. Since there are several reviews that go into detail on installation or talk about ease of installation, I will just give you a few random comments that may help you along the way.Pre-1 - The most important thing you can do is think through what you are trying to accomplish with your system layout.  I first thought about where to place devices to keep anyone from entering the house without an alarm. This is essentially your window/door sensor placement.  If you are going to protect every entrance, you are going to have to buy enough sensors for EVERY separate window and door, including FOUR for a two-window set if it raises from the bottom and lowers from the top. It includes bathroom windows and that 12" square window in the basement. Lots of sensors (and consider broken glass sensors).Secondly, I assumed that somehow someone breached the outside sensors.  Once inside, I placed motion detectors in those rooms an intruder would have to traverse to get to another section of the house.  They are placed so that any window/door breached should be detected by motion no later than the next room entered.  So far all of this is for an empty house.Thirdly, I assumed the intruders were able to get past the motion detectors.  If no one is in the house, you just have to congratulate them on a job well done and hope they trip a sensor while moving around or getting out.  If people are inside, you must have a plan as if you had not installed any devices at all.  Dogs and guns for the "poor" like me, separate system sensors and safe rooms for others.The best security system in the world is useless if your plan is bad.1-There are multiple security items you may have in your kit.  The one I installed had the control unit (which is probably called something else<G>), panic button, key fobs, door/window sensors, motion detectors, indoor siren, and outdoor siren.  It is wise to test them several times  (antenna out, antenna in, near other wireless sources, etc.)  For that reason, I would suggest placing the items in the approximate place you plan to mount them, such as a window sill, and do all testing before mounting them.For example, by placing the window/door sensors on the window sill near where you plan to mount them, you can test the alarm function and make any needed adjustment before drilling holes or mounting adhesive.2-I know this is simplistic, but it is important.  A major reason for testing window/door sensors before mounting is to gauge the sensitivity of the two devices which work together. Since their proximity is a major determinant of how sensitive they are to disturbance, you should make sure you mount them at the correct distance.  The manuals say they should be mounted 1/2" or less apart.  The closer they are mounted, the more "opening" or shaking required to set them off and the less likely they are to give a false alarm.  If they are mounted further apart, they are very sensitive (a window shake may separate them enough to alarm)and more likely to give a false alarm.3-As a part of the mounting process for any device that has an antenna, plan your mount with the antenna extended.  You may not have to extend the antenna to have a strong signal, but if you do not plan for it, you may have to re-mount in order to use the antenna.4-For the sake of your hearing, save the siren tests until last.  You can tell if any sensor/alarm is working by looking at the readout on the control unit.  Once all sensor units are working correctly, you can test the sirens from outside by using the key fobs to arm and disarm the alarm.5-The components are all white and fairly large since they have a battery and electronics.  If you have wood/color in the areas where you are installing the devices, using contact paper or non-permanent markers make them almost unnoticeable (to the male/husband eye<G>).  The only thing to watch is not covering the sensors or status lights, and they are clearly defined.6-You cannot successfully understand and install the system without three documents.  Inside the box are a one page "Quick Start" manual and an OEM manual, probably translated from Chinese for technicians.  The third document is a pdf in the Manuals section of the Fortress website.Location is  http://www.fortresssecuritystore.com/skin/frontend/base/default/images/S02%20system%20Manual.pdf7-The advice to put the control unit in the "middle" of your sensors is good, conservative advice.  In our case, a 2700 sq. ft. house with sensors in EVERY corner worked fine without even having the antenna extended. Moving it to the MBR in one corner of the house worked just as well.  I am not sure if this is common or not.  The frequencies used for communication are 315MHz and 433MHz, which generally allow more distance than devices in the GHz range.8-If you have an answering machine or other device that picks up your telephone line, you cannot arm/disarm the security system by calling in.  The ability to call in and listen to your environment through the control unit is lost in this case, but if there is an alarm and you have programmed the system to call you, you can THEN listen in.  And that is when you need it most.  If you have a fax machine that "answers" the phone and then passes the signal on if it is a voice call, all features will probably work fine9-I will not tell you the specific 3-4 times I misunderstood the docs and had to redo/recover.  Just make sure you read them fairly well before you start - all three of them. There are just enough "oddities" that you may miss something.  If you are the sort of person who does not read manuals, you will still make it work - just a little later.We have only used the system for a few days, but it has worked great in every test.  I hope we never get to REALLY use it.::Pen Nom::5.0::June 17, 2013
R7SRTKBV6BDLM::Amazingly easy to set up and reliable! Read if you dont have Home Phone!::EDIT 1/31/2014 - As user RP has commented below, the OBi will no longer support Google Voice after May of this year. I still love the OBi device and will look into changing to another service (they say these will only cost a couple of dollars per month with one-time fees available) when the time comes and will update this post with the best solution. For more information, look here: [...]------ORIGINAL REVIEW------Let me preface this by saying that I was suspicious of the 30+ solid 5 star reviews. Surely SOMEONE found something to nitpick, right? Anyway, I originally thought I was going to be the one to reduce the average but I'm pleased to say that, for the price, this is easily a 5 star product.In general, there is one major downside to installing your own security system: if someone breaks in, chances are that you are only going to know when you return home. The most competitive feature of these Fortress systems is the ability to call preprogrammed numbers when an alarm is triggered at home. In fact, for this reason, we did not even plug in the siren - when we are on campus, we could easily be home in minutes if there was an alarm.The whole system took about 45 minutes to set up, including the amount of time I spent developing a plan for where to put the various sensors. It's a good idea to put the motion sensors in areas of your home where an intruder is unlikely to avoid. That said, the sensors are already programmed to the base station, so it's really a turn-on-and-go type of deal.Originally I was upset that the auto-dialer would require a home phone line to operate, but I've found a no-monthly-fee solution. This OBi100 VoIP Telephone Adapter and Voice Service Bridge will let you use Google Voice (a free service) to route your alarm system over the internet. We don't even use the OBi to call out or anything - this forty dollar adapter is just for the alarm system. And with no monthly fee, I can be assured that even when we aren't home we always know the house is secure.Lastly, the key fobs are nice because training my roommate to arm and disarm the alarm from the keypad every time would probably not work. The alarm is "tested" every once in a while because we will forget to disarm it and within seconds of opening the door our cell phones will start ringing.I'm looking at upgrading the system at a later date for a couple more motion sensors, but all is well so far!UPDATE 12/5/2013 - I have recently completed the security system install for the house, and I still love this product. If you need more motion sensors or door alarms, I recommend checking out e bay, as you can buy inexpensive (like ten dollar) motion sensors that will easily pair with this system. The only downside is that they are shipped from overseas, so it might take a few weeks to get them. Pretty much any 433mhz security products will work with the FORTRESS system, so simply run a search for "433mhz [window sensor OR motion detector]" and various local or overseas sellers will appear.::S. Eckelberry::5.0::August 9, 2013
R18IZ8YYAECWSQ::Incredible customer service | Easy to install and effective security system::Just recently we had 2 separate break-ins in our neighborhood, and even though we had never had problems here before we decided it was time to do something to help stave off the potential of falling victim to these guys. We didn't want to get locked into a long contract that would have us paying $30-50 per month to a security monitoring company, so I looked into how I could set one up myself.After searching high and low through every local store in our area it became very clear that the only way I was going to do this was to buy something online and pray it would work since it's such a pain to buy something online only to find out that what you bought is no good and you may or may not ever see your money again if you try and ship it back. After reading all the reviews regarding various wireless security systems and seeing that this company had rave reviews (which at first I suspected could only be written by the company itself), I finally took a chance and purchased the Fortress S02 A security system after calling them to see if they could deliver it in time before we were suppose to go on vacation. I spoke to the owner Michael this past Friday and I received the system yesterday which was Monday. When he heard my concern about how long it would take to get here he went above and beyond what his delivery schedule states of 2-3 business days and had it rush shipped from Washington state to North Carolina.When it came to installation I couldn't believe how simple it was to install, and yet how effective it was when I tested it. All the windows/doors sensors and motion sensors came preprogrammed so all I had to do was put them where I wanted them and program the phone numbers I wanted it to contact into the base unit and I was done in less than 1 hour. The instruction manual was incredibly simple to understand so everything went like a charm. When testing it I couldn't believe how loud the alarm was so I have no doubt that not only will all my neighbors hear it if somebody tries to break in, but the thieves will most likely retreat as quickly as possible when they realize that they are not as stealth as they thought.::EarthlyPawn::5.0::May 14, 2013
R3VLASBM9II8OI::WATCH the installation & operation videos. Very Good.::With alot of choices out there, it requires major homework as to what works best for you. Having a wired/monitored system installed by a pro is still probably the preferred system, but most require a contract with a small install charge ( $99 ) & monthly fees of $30-$50 depending on what's being monitored, ( smoke/fire etc.) More & more systems being sold to the DIY's are the wireless variety. Once you install the system, programming & operating are fairly strait forward. I basically chose the Fortress SO2 system, mainly because I have an Amazon acct. & the system seemed to have good reviews. ( which we all know can be slanted ) You have have to feel out each review & decipher the wording/phrasing etc. & decide for yourself if the review is authentic. Which is what i did & felt pretty comfortable. Also, at $130.00, it's three times cheaper than some iphones. Anyway, I bought it & got it & started to map out where each sensor would go & start the programming (which is not much as the sensnsors come pre-programmed by number. Here's where I stumbled a little. I think that the manual had some verbage that did not jive with the panel, so I cussed just a little & finally called the Support number. I'm sure you've read of  "Mike" the ownner. He personally answers most calls & knows the answer before you ask the question. I'm fairly competent, but I got stumped again on a couple progamming issues. Boom....called Mike & he walked me through some zone issues. Again........WATCH THE VIDEOS. Even prior to purchasing. They are very good. I had to watch a few over & over, & soon it all comes together. Knowing what I know now. I could install & program the system ( I have 8 window/door sensors & 2 motion detectors ) in an hour. It's a little complex at first, but work through it & nothing else can touch this system. A couple issues: 1} I have had one motion detector have three random trips. Mike suggested swapping it out , which I will. 2) When alarm is tripped, you cannot dial out on land line ( 911 etc. ) because the system is dialing out to stored number. Suggest call 911 on cell, ( I do not have mine programmed to dial out to police ) 3) I recently discovered that when my system trips (testing etc. ) it opens my neighbors garage door. Definetly gotta work on that tomorrow.  PS: EVERYTHING IN THIS REVIEW IS AUTHENTIC FROM EDMONDS, WA.::Greg Goodman::4.0::November 6, 2013
RUPHV6LXUUKXY::Very Simple, yet works great::Easy to install.  The siren is LOUD!  Made me wanna leave the house.  The sensors are peel and stick with very strong double sided tape.  The re-dialer works great.  When the alarm goes off it calls who you want it to and they can listen in to see whats going on.  For the price you can't beat this.::Kevin::5.0::October 6, 2013
R2I38U5AL6ZHZK::Great product::Worked as described - easy to set up - calls me on my cellphone when there is an alert. I use in conjunction with security camera monitoring. No need to pay a monitoring company ! ! ! !::Guy Lamunyon::5.0::June 18, 2013
R3FBHQUIO2VQBV::Great small home security system ...::This security system is easy to install and has the features we were looking for in a low cost package for a small home . Have already ordered the glass breaking sensor and the flashing light siren to complete our system ..::Al Winebrenner::5.0::January 21, 2014
R1UDHEWFD5944X::So far, so good::Had this delivered right before leaving on a two week road trip to protect business and home. It was fairly simple to set-up. I used the online chat a couple of times to get help, which was nice. I did find a mistake in the manual that you can download off the Fortress site that I hope they fixed. The error caused me about an hour of grief. Make sure you start using the PDF manual off their website right away, rather than using what come in the box (which is okay for reference but not as complete).Including testing and setting up a Vonage phone system, it probably took me about 4 hours to install,test, and learn how to use. Being able to call my house while I was away to make sure everything was okay was fairly reassuring.Overall, these guys really thought out the system, packaging, and the online instructions are decent. I will update my review if the system doesn't continue to perform well but so far, I'm pretty happy with what I got.::M. Dvorak::5.0::January 2, 2014
RZS5WBWNZ2CFK::FSS Wireless Alarm::The sensors were easy to install. The motion detectors are better than I expected and are placed high so the dog will not set the alarm off. It is a great system for the price without a monthly bill. Glad I purchased it.::Rocco::5.0::January 18, 2014
R24HRQH4V04H25::Great system::Great system easy setup, the videos on the web sight are very helpful, works flawless. I would recommend it to anyone.::Tim Lane::5.0::October 5, 2013
R1X93VM5QIEQS9::fortress s02 alarm kit-wireless::i purchaced this alarm kit after the reviews i saw on it.fortresssecurity is a great company,and the owner michael is very helpful.i added a glass break sensor and 1 pir sensor-motion...this system so far is great,good price too..i will surely recommend. thanks::m m::5.0::October 3, 2013
R1NU3M6XYER0P5::Very Loud Alarm::The system does what it says it will do, alarm.  For some reason, which I have not discovered yet, it has gone off twice.  I have check all the installments and still have not figured out why it's going off with no one in the house, causing us to rush home...the first time with the police.  I would love to give a better rating but with the inconvenience of having to go back to the house to make sure there is no break in...I can't give a better rating.  We have checked to make sure we have not set the alarm to stay too.::shooper810::3.0::September 17, 2013
RDRAR8FKCWV2Y::Just what I was looking for.::It was a good  , price easy to install and it came almost the next day WOW.  Just what I wanted . Thanks::Mark Darby::5.0::April 22, 2014
R2EOE8GTHLA2BB::Good product for a good price.::Just put up the movement sensors and from what I tested they work extremely well. I dont' have a home phone so I can't test the phone function. I may have to see about getting one and trying it. I love it so far. Very easy to set up.::James::5.0::April 1, 2014
R3JGZDNL968DWM::Great product!!::easy to install and use...I really recommend this product.. It is working just perfect since its installation 6 month ago::Luis Picado::5.0::March 7, 2014
R3TZIMEQPNXES5::worked great very easy to install. performing great. i added video camera's to my system now i feel very protected::worked great very easy to install. performing great. i added video camera's to my system now i feel very protected::ed soward::5.0::February 17, 2014
R1UFZU3VOLRA7U::The system was what I ordered.::I needed an inexpensive system. It was easy to install. The instructions were easy to understand and the online videos are a must to watch. My system has been running for three weeks and I have had no problems.::Ewald Kotzur::5.0::February 3, 2014
R7YGPBRS5WEE3::Why didn't I do this sooner.::So easy to set up and such a good thing to help you sleep at night. For me, I hate subscription anything, so this was a great choice! Plus there is a home mode (turn on while you sleep) and a away mode (when you are gone). The home mode disables the motion sensors which I have at certain pathways a burglar would have to travel. Since we get up at night to get a drink or go to the bathroom, it doesn't set it off and we rely on the door/window sensors that work 100% of the time. The away mode makes it impossible for a burglar to rob you without setting off the alarm. For us, just having the loud siren go off should deter, 99% of thieves without having to place calls to a security company. If a thief ignores the screaming siren and robs me anyway, he deserves it, because it is LOUD! I feel safe, no contracts, no subscriptions! What could be better?::Easton Hamblin::5.0::February 2, 2014
R1JUNT063K616C::Nice System::This is a nice alarm system at a good price. Setup was fairly easy, though as many pointed out, the manual that comes with it is horrible. The website, however, has some nice videos and a manual that actually makes more sense. The door sensors use sticky tape, and I did find this a problem with one sensor that fell off the door several times. As others have pointed out, the main panel, as well as the motion sensors have an on/off switch on the side which seems kind of odd for a security system. Overall, it appears to be a great system, and I will definitely check out more of their products in the future.::KT::4.0::December 30, 2013
R6C73ARXLXMN3::Simple setup (if you watch youtube videos) and works as expected and promised.::I was little hesitant to try this new company/product but i cannot skip amazon 5 star reviews on this product. Like other reviewers said, this product works great right out of the box. My setup took over 30 mins because there is no enough information on items in the box. It came with documentation booklet but It went straight to trash after a quick read . Thanks to Pen Nom's review included pdf documentation  (Location is [...] contains links to youtube videos, very informative and clear instructions on how to start setting up. Also , explains about each component and its use and how it works. Simply awesome. After watching videos, I spend about 30 mins for install since the unit is already programmed. Tested as suggested in the pdf document and works like charm. I have not tested phone setup yet but will try it in a day or two, I am sure it cannot go wrong.Overall , great product and its 110dB alarm sure keeps  burglars away.::pothula,sreekumar::5.0::December 21, 2013
R2OSNPSGNUNFQX::Easy to Use DIY Alarm System::The alarm system was delivered as described and ready to go right out of the box. I would definitely recommend this product to friends and family.::Chad S.::5.0::December 13, 2013
R3V9SRILVJGIAU::Pretty good.::The product works pretty well, but the literature is about as bad as it gets. I was compelled to call the owner of Fortress at least twice for clarification of the poorly translated and incomplete Chinese instructions. Construction is plastic and while its not bad, I would not characterize it as robust. Being wireless, the batteries in the detectors need frequent replacement, especially in cold weather.You almost certainly will want to obtain additional components, such as an exterior siren and smoke detector/glass break sensor at additional expense. If I had it to do over, I'd do some additional shopping around before jumping on this.  Other retailers market this same kit with better written instructions. Who wants to be compelled to call the retailers cellphone for instructions?  To his credit, the retailer does work hard to support the product after the sale. If he ever gets the literature and support videos unsnarled, this'll be a five star product.EDIT: Well, I have since revisited the Fortress webpage, and the literature and videos have been revamped. Accordingly, I bump my rating to five stars. The construction hasn't changed, but you can only expect so much at this price point. Kudos for getting the documentation in order!::Victor W. Hinze::5.0::December 1, 2013
R2467PNU4YDF0S::Very good wireless home alarm system.::I bought this to replace a wireless alarm system I bought from Radio Shack years ago. It was starting to give false alarms so twas time to replace.This system is a very nice system, already programmed and easy to install and set up. The alarm/horn is VERY loud. So, as the instructions say, do NOT put this near where you sleep or normally sit (such as the living room). It truly is LOUD! It's easy to hear the arm signal when you "arm" it from the outside. My older system was sometimes difficult to hear from outside after locking the door and arming it.One thing my old system had that this one doesn't, that I became used to, is a chime whenever the doors were opened and closed. There is no signal at all to let you know if someone has opened one of the protected doors. Convenient if you're at home and do not arm the system while inside.One thing I'm disappointed in is that the instructions say that it will not work with any phone line other than a land-line. I wonder, however, if it will work with the new wireless home phone systems that Verizon Wireless and AT&T; are selling ($20 per month unlimited calling) that your normal phone plugs into (corded or cordless). They give a dial-tone, which is what kept home alarm systems (and satellite boxes) from working with cell phones as they do NOT give a dial-tone. The device, such as an alarm system or satellite box, needs to detect dial-tone before it would attempt to dial out). These new land-line replacement systems do give dial-tone when you go off-hook with your "normal" phone that you plug into the wireless box. But even the advertisement from the wireless companies say it will not work with alarm systems or satellite boxes. I'm wondering if they're saying this just to cover themselves as the land-line phone is still more reliable than wireless?::Rikee "Ricky H."::5.0::November 30, 2013
R2FE2ONRN320A6::Easy install - works great::The system is easily installed.  While it comes with sticky backing to attached to surfaces, I would suggest items be screwed in for carefree installation.  Also, bought some additional components and they blend with the other components nicely.  I would recommend this system for those not wanting to have a private company enter their home and install a security system.  I bought primarily for times when I am home sleeping and someone attempts entry.  You can also have it monitored if you so desire.  Happy with the purchase and like the remotes as well.::Richard::4.0::October 27, 2013
R14KWH9WRELB2K::Great deal for the money::I needed to set up a system in the house my mom lives in with her caretaker.  Mom has Alzheimer's and is now beginning to wander.  I have a video monitoring system (Uniden Guardian) that works great but does not alert the caretaker whenever my mom exits a door.  Initially I was looking for wireless door chimes.  This fit the bill perfectly.  It is also cheaper than what I first thought of doing with the wireless door chimes.  This does that and much more.  It was very easy to install. I only have a couple of minor complaints that keep me from giving 5 stars.  The door/window sensors only allow you to have the magnet on one side of the sensor which can restrict how you might want to install them.  The only other problem is that it is apparent the user manual was not originally written in English.  Clarity suffers in a few areas.  However, the Rep that answered my call was very knowledgeable and quickly fixed my issue with reprogramming some of the sensors.::W. Joel Porter "handyman carpenter"::4.0::October 22, 2013
R3J9YSHVO7RLJO::as advertised.::easy to install, works great.  keyfobs are handy unfortunately 1 of the 2 in my kit arrived not functioning.  support seems to be good also.  available for purchase on their website are replacement batteries for wireless magnetic sensors...not sure how long the batteries will last but have already ordered spares as they are an odd size.::jahkaz::4.0::October 16, 2013
R1GOJ528H1RK32::Good product::Easy to set up and install the sensors  Works good  sensors are quick to respond  Love the one touch on and off button::Ronald C. Smith::5.0::September 20, 2013
R2QP0Y93NG2PBK::Nice and a Great Price too::Purchased two (2) alarms S02-A models. Great price and good quality. Had a couple of very small issues with set-up called Michael Hofeditz who is the CEO/Owner and he walked me through everything and I got it all set-up with no problems. Michael even works weekends and returned my call within hours. I would recommend the model I purchased to anyone seeking a good standard and easy to operate wireless alarm. The system can even call pre-set phone numbers when the alarm is activated and alert you. Oh yeah, the alarm is VERY, VERY loud.::David Wells::5.0::June 27, 2013
R3V3SR9GHCDOKW::Very useful and easy to install::This kit is complete. Just open the box, remove the items, pull the little plastic tabs to enable battery connection in the various pickups(transmitters), set it up and you are done. No wiring anywhere (except the siren and base unit, of course).The manual needs re-writing, but being technical I did figure everything out.The siren could be louder, but for me the greatest feature is that it dials my cellphone when an alarm triggers, wherever I am, and I can then listen to what's going on (or separately turn on remotely my webcam).Incredible value at $100 or so.Highly recommended.::Peter Vekinis::5.0::January 22, 2014
R2UV3057ITV9Y9::Very Good::This item is a good buy for the price. You might say to yourself: "This is twice as expensive as the other no-name-brand!" You are paying more so that you don't get crap. This works really well. I have not had any issues with it so far. My only concern is the switches on the devices that allow it to be turned off without warning. (The PIR and BASE only have switches on them) Also, the wired siren can easily be unplugged.(I recommend getting a wireless siren. The intruder can't shut that off.) It dials the numbers without any problems. It takes about 12 second for the call to be made. I recommend putting the alarm base in a location the intruder will have a hard time finding. This way they can't interrupt the call being made. Other than these few hassles, it's a fantastic product for the price.::jmscreator::5.0::August 31, 2013
R2B5ISRO7NKSF1::Nice system::Easy to set-up, even for a novice. The alarm is extremely loud. Covers all of my needs without any additional monthly payments. Thanks.::StephenW7255::5.0::June 27, 2013
R2HAR27STVR67U::Thank You Amazon. Thank You Mike::I'm so glad I decided to get this system, I was really needing an alarm system, my wife and I are senior citizens, and some ilegal activities had been happening in this neighborhood lately.The delivery time as always happens with Amazon, perfect, the quality of the product, the best, very easy to install and the price for the whole system is amazing.I had a couple of questions and I have to call the manufacturer, the owner himself, Michael,took the call and he was so nice and patience,the kind of service I haven't receive in a long time. He went the extra mile to solve my problem, he has a lot of knowledge about his product and I am very confident now that I bought the right stuff. Again, thank you Mike,thank you Amazon....Rafael::Rafael P::5.0::July 2, 2013
R2ZDH1Q3CVIG4T::Fortress Store S02 Wireless Home Security System::This is a good system.  Easy to install provided you watch the videos which we did several times.  Has a very good download manual.  We didn't download the whole thing (It's long and comprehensive).  We just downloaded the portions pertaining to setup, testing, etc.  We were concerned that the sticky pads that hold the detectors in their place might fail and cause false alarms so we bought a roll of white duct tape and ripped off small strips to hold the components in place.  As I said before, this is a good system for the money.  Easy to record an outgoing message and will dial several phone numbers.  Easy to program.  And, should you need extra door or motion detectors, they can be purchased here at Amazon.  One word of caution.  We decided not to use the motion detectors as they are extremely sensitive.  Our central heating & cooling unit makes the blinds flutter and even this small amount of motion will be picked up.::JNthePen::5.0::May 25, 2014
R2CUBG8G1PX8I8::This is great !!!!!!!!!!::This is the system I have been waiting for. It was very easy to install and the siren is deafening. I feel a lot safer with this in my home and sure you will too.::R. Brewer::5.0::May 22, 2014
R2FLMY8ZYRYNOD::Easy to set-up and program!::Bought one of these after looking at a couple of other ones on the market.  Liked the reviews of the company and other reviews I saw here and on the web so I went ahead and ordered it.  Setup and any basic programming I did above the pre-programming that comes with it took a total of at most an hour, Very easy to set up and it is very loud!I know I saw another review here that didn't like the on-off button on the side of the panel, but since the main control unit acts as the 'brain' of the system unlike some standard professionally installed system (where they put the brain of the system in a closet, etc)  I actually hid the panel since I mainly use my key chain remotes and simply a thief could theoretically just smash the box to silence the system if they were desperate.  Hiding the panel (mounting to an inside of a cabinet door) makes it easy to access but hard to find for someone breaking in and wanting to silence the alarm.Frankly I like the ease of the install of this system and am planning to buy more add-on sensors to customize the system which Fortress Security store offers such as glass break sensors.  The pictures shown on amazon does not do this system justice since it is more robust looking than the pictures seem.::Amy A. Barrett::5.0::May 18, 2014
R3C8R66NQN3ZNI::Great::Easy to install, easy for others to learn how to use. Would recommend this product to anyone looking to protect there home.::Eric wilson::5.0::May 17, 2014
R2M17P5N74DIW7::Will work with existing wired sensors::I chose this system because it was advertised as being compatible with the existing wired sensors we had. There wasn't much info on doing this, so I will pass on what I learned. If you don't know much about electricity you may not want to try this.My wife was against a wireless system because she didn't want the wireless sensors hanging on our doors. Sensors on windows can be hidden by curtains, but they were just too noticeable on our doors. We had already ditched our worthless alarm monitoring company, and still had the system in place with nicely-hidden wired sensors already on the doors.I originally bought the $199 S02-B system from Amazon, but it arrived used. The sensors had obviously been taped in place somewhere, then removed. Many of the batteries were dead and the manual was underlined and scribbled on everywhere. I figure someone paid for a used system and got my brand-new system from Amazon by mistake. I returned the S02-B, and bought the smaller S02-A from Amazon.Mike from Fortress was really helpful. He apologized for the used system, even though it was Amazon's fault. He also provided useful info on hooking up  to the wired sensors. The installation manual from Fortress was helpful, as was a manual I downloaded from the PiSector website--they are essentially the same system.I took the old alarm system board out of our utility/electronics cabinets in our master suite closet. Using a battery-powered continuity tester I determined which wire went to which sensor. I just connected the leads to each two-strand wire and had my wife open and close doors until I had the sensors mapped out.As Mike told me, hooking the wired sensors to the S02-A was plug and play. The D-BUS bar provides 12-volt power for the sensors--I measured it at 11.4 volts, close enough. Using red and black 18-guage speaker wire  and some small, gray wire nuts, I connected the sensor wires to the positive and common terminals on D-BUS bar.When I switched the system on, it immediately recognized the wired sensors, and assigned them zone numbers starting with 9, such as 90, 91, 92, etc. We tested the sensors, and they worked perfectly.I only worked with door sensors, not the old motion detector. Since the wired zones started with 9, I don't believe they can be programmed to turn off when the system is in home mode. I  would also have to figure out how to connect all four wires to the D-BUS. For an extra $25 bucks I just kept things simple and bought a third motion sensor from Fortress.I did figure out how to connect my old wired siren to the S02. I didn't like the siren provided by Fortress because it had a short cord, and would have to be located very close to the alarm console. I figured that would just lead someone to the console so they could smash it. The old wired siren was located in another part of the house.The siren hooks up to the console using a mono 3.5mm plug. I purchased a 3.5mm mono cable from Radio Shack for five bucks, cut it in half, connected it to the old siren wires, and plugged it in. I didn't want to cut up the new siren to use the mono plug, and the cable from RS was much beefier and easier to work with anyway. Set off the alarm and the wired siren worked great.I purchased the black wireless siren from Fortress to make extra noise in our garage.  Worked great, but had one drawback. I couldn't hear the old wired siren from the driveway, so I couldn't hear the chirps telling me the alarm was set or disabled. Unfortunately, the wireless siren does not make those chirps, it only makes noise if the alarm goes off. Oh well. It would be nice if Fortress added a wireless status light to the kits so we can tell if the system is on or off.If I had to do it all over again, I would have bought another of the S02-B systems. But the time I purchased the S02-A, an extra siren, key fob and wireless sensor, I had spent more than $200. But that two hundred bucks  would only cover five months of our crappy monitoring service, so we came out way ahead.::Radem44 "Radem44"::5.0::May 8, 2014
R32J9N1HYKFO81::Outstanding Product::Outstanding arlarm system, very easy to install and the videos take you step by step on how to setup your system to get the most out of it. Thanks for such a Great product. Would recommend this system because of it's features and because you don't have to get into a year or two contract with other security system vendors.::rytorr::5.0::May 1, 2014
R1UUWH8T807GGU::Not perfect but great for the price::A well designed system however there are a few negatives.System will allow you to call it from a remote location but if you have an answering machine it must be deactivated.  You can turn the system on or off from a remote location and also listen to what is going on at your home.The system will call you if a sensor is tripped but an intruder can easily cut the phone lines to prevent the system from calling out.  You might consider getting the version that calls out without a landline (needs a SIM card which is an extra cost).  If the phone line is cut, the siren will go off (if the siren is installed) which may scare away the intruder.  An optional outdoor siren might be a good addition to ensure that your neighbors will hear the siren.A good system for the price.::thomas a. woodrow::4.0::April 30, 2014
R17Q4TUZMCYXXK::store explained i ordered wrong item::I am very happy with Fortress ... they helped me straighten my screwup. Sent right one ....happy!will definately... order from them again::Penny::5.0::April 27, 2014
R2US99QBMFQ5ZP::Wakes the neighbors!::Perfect for a deep sleeper who is caring for a spouse with dementia.  This system is piercingly loud but is perfect for the purpose.  What is really great is that you can rig up multiple doors and windows.  The key fob is also very handy.  Glad I purchased it because nothing else was loud enough to be heard throughout the house.::L. Trent::5.0::April 21, 2014
R3ER8P1DS6WXYJ::Simple and meets my secuity needs::There had been a couple of burglaries in my neighbourhood lately and we worried that we were next. So, we needed a do-it-yourself, simple to understand and easy to set-up security system for our home. The Fortress Security systems had received fairly good reviews here on Amazon, so I decided to give it a try,It is my pleasure to join the many others who have given this system positive reviews/ratings.The kit came with all the components required to DIY install and from the moment we switched it on, it did what it was supposed to. The sensors were responsive and the integrating unit activates the horn and places a call to the designated number.I have also bought a few add-on sensors and while I was worried that it would be difficult to install, it was as simple a procedure as the initial install.Thankfully the system hasn't been tested by a burglar as yet, or maybe it is serving as a deterrent??? Who knows, but what I do know for a fact is that if you want a simple, effective security system then this is bang for your buck!::rrl-caribbean::5.0::April 16, 2014
R3K7O7GCYRFQQI::This product is as::This product is just as it says. came fast and was relatively easy to install and set up. lots of customer support available, but the instruction is so forward that it was not necessary to call or contact them. works like a charm....::Alfin Taylor::5.0::April 5, 2014
R18USB8C3WL4P5::Very good system, helpful company for any questions::Recommend to any one who needs a good reasonably priced security system.  Fortress personnel are very helpful, and resolve any problems during installation.::Kash Gupta::5.0::April 4, 2014
R15TKZTQF1YU1R::FORTRESS S02 WIRELESS SECURITY SYSTEM::VERY EASY TO SET UP EXCELLENT SYSTEM... DOES EXACTLY AS PROMISED... WOULD RECOMMEND THIS SYSTEM WITHOUT ANY RESERVATIONS.. ...  ..::Valerian D. Boudreau::5.0::March 26, 2014
RJV6OI5OSGI9::Easy to use and works great!::This system was extremely easy to use and has helped me feel more secure in my home!  The only thing I could not find when I first opened the box was the adhesive to stick each piece on the walls and windows. If you lift all of the items out of the box, the adhesive for the individual pieces is in there and pre-cut to fit each piece.::Lila::4.0::March 25, 2014
R3RBQ9VJNK6A6X::Great home security setup::I am very happy with my choice to go with the Fortress Security System. This covered exactly what my needs were for a system. I wanted something that had no monthly fee that still allowed me to be alerted when a invasion was happening. This does an excellent job at that. Setup was a breeze as everything was packaged great along with easy instructions. It really helped that everything was already pre programmed to the main unit. The installs on the doors and windows went great with the included double sided tape. It has held up great so far and I was happy I didn't have to make holes all over the place. The motion sensors were also easy enough to install.As far as programming goes it is very easy to understand how to use the keypad. I had no problems understanding the manual either. The alarm makes a good amount of noise. Not sure how far the alarm could be heard and if you could count on a neighbor hearing it go off. I only count on this feature to alarm me when I am home asleep. The wireless key chain remotes are very handy to arm/disarm the system when coming and going.Overall this is a great setup and I am very happy with my purchase. The only problem I have is the motion sensors go off even when the alarm is disabled. So every time I walk by them in the house the red light goes off. So after about 2months the batteries died in both motion sensors. It seems odd that they would trigger even when the alarm is off and waste the batteries like that.::Shirley Wiltse::4.0::March 15, 2014
R5IKSQ98CC49R::AWESOME FOR PRICE!!::its been 5 months and all i can complain is i had to change the batteries in 4 sensors the 3 motions (i bought an extra motion sensor) and one door sensor.. and i have to say you will love it!!! just make sure that the motion sensor is not pointed at a fish tank like mine was it picked up my angel fish moving the alarm went off and even called my cell phone witch is an awesome feature. came running home i was 2 miles away, driving like crazy just to a fish motion sensor it off.. a must have! for the price awesome.. i also upgraded to smoke detector witch i tested with a burning paper plate and mann thats awesome cause when the smoke dectetor went off it set the alarm off and still called my phone.. so yeahh stop searching this is what you want!::suffolk long island::5.0::March 13, 2014
RBKWNEGEZGSXC::Amazing Product with tons of small touches that make it great::Small touch #1  A mode to detect if your phone line has been cut.  This is very useful regardless as to wither you use the alarm (which you will) or not.  Basically if your line is dead it starts beeping.  This is great to alert you to call your phone company for a problem you would not even know you had.Small touch #2  Two key chain entries.  Other systems only come with one in the set.  I ordered at extra one for $12#3 Modes to remind you to set the alarm of a door you regularly go out of#4  Defeats the old baseball bat smash the unit trick and here is how.  Keychains let you put the unit somewhere secure.  We have a locked office where my phone line is.  Which is perfect.  Another system I looked at has a separate base, which is supposed to solve this problem, but think about it.  If a robber see's the keypad and smashes it, he thinks he has defeated your system.  By the time the police arrive he is long gone.  In this system you HIDE the keypad and use the key chain and then he hears the alarm gets scared and runs away.  Basically what I am saying is that the robber will THINK the brains are in the keypad even if he hears an alarm.  I.E. He will think that is a local alarm, and nothing to worry about.  But in this system because you get two keychains you NEVER use the keypad at all, and you just hide it or lock it somewhere.  To do that with other systems you need to order MORE keychains.#5 Support is great. Quick, and easy, call and they answer. The manual is pretty clear but there is a lot to read.  Don't skim like I did and you will have no problems installing.#6  Keypad is solid.  Buttons push well, not junk, high quality.#7  Wireless sensors tops pop off for EASY battery replacement#8 Home alarm mode turns off motion sensors.  Very easy to work system with keychain, disarm, arm away, arm home, panic#9 Love the included dedicated remote panic. Put it by the bed.  Now lets say My wife is at home and I am shopping and she has a problem, she feels sick or fell, and can't really use the phone.  She hits that and walah I get a call.  Or if someone comes to the door, she hits that and the alarm goes off and I get a call.  I really LOVE the fact that YOU decide who gets the call. I want the call not some monitoring site, where I have to pay lots of extra money, and also have false alarms where the irritated cops come out.#10 You can dial in and control the system.  And when you get the call * lets you HEAR what is going on.  Say maintance comes over,  I can listen in on what they are doing.#11 Price,  you get 8 sensors, two key chains, and a panic alarm for $120 that is CRAZY, half the price of the completion and the ONLY thing this system doesn't have is cellphone calls.  But we have a real phone line, so it works for us.  If they added cell also it would be practically perfect.basically I love this thing.  I love the fact that it solves so many MORE problems than just security.  Like the my phone is out problem.  Or the  I can't dial a phone problem, You think I am nuts about this, but let me tell you I have had a concusion once in a car crash and I was not able to "think" well enough to use a phone, even though I could walk around.  If that happened at home I could hit the BIG RED button and my wife would be coming home, or visa versa.  That is a REAL BIG PLUS.One tip.  Don't install the sticky tape on the back of the sensors before pulling off the silver number sticker and putting it on the front of the sensor.  This makes remembering which sensor is which easy.Seriously BELIVE the good reviews on this.  This is just a terrific product that for $120 gets you some serious alarm qualities that is easy to use, easy to set up, solidly build and will last.  And is portable.Just a great product::George Constantine::5.0::March 12, 2014
R2CA1IYBB1RWGD::Very complete and good price!::For the price, this is a very complete security set. The only negative was that the instructions could be written more clearly. But I did call the help line, and they helped me solve my "user error" problem. Overall a great product at a good price. It even came with batteries, which was nice as it saved me from having to go out and buy them after I received it.::David M Forbes::5.0::December 4, 2013
R8C5F0PKU9C5L::Can't beat it!!::Great price, easy to install especially with the online tutorials. Super price!!! Everything works great and works well in an apartment well also since nothing really needs to be permanently installed.Very happy!!::Bill::5.0::November 30, 2013
RUVRIX482OHFD::non expensive, security system,, does exactly what it says it will do,,::great security system, and without the monthly payments the other places charge you,, tried it out and it does call the phone numbers  you put in it , if your alarm goes off,, very satisfied,,,::grace pond::5.0::November 17, 2013
R3A11GRTK2JHS7::inexpensive and easy to install::inexpensive and easy to install.  minor drawback is alarm is very loud and hard-wired so has to be close to phone::John Kassab::5.0::November 14, 2013
R3CFCOQG44ZIRH::Great!::Fortress Security Store does a great job syncing everything to the main panel beforehand. Installation was as simple as placing every sensor, plugging the panel in, and configuring a few things. The manual was in Engrish, but that is to be expected. The technology was somewhat dated, but for the price that is also somewhat expected. This was perfect for my grandfather who did not want a system with a monthly monitoring fee.::Nick Coutris::5.0::October 28, 2013
R3MSQBBRFR9KQ1::Very quick set up.::Got this to replace a different system whose sensors were starting to fail. The old one took me all day to install and program; this one took about an hour. The videos on the web site are a nice touch, especially since the written instructions suffer from typical Sino-Anglo translation.::azdba::5.0::October 19, 2013
R2DYA902XCWJT8::Awesome Product! Amazing Support!::I ordered the product on a Friday and installed it that Sunday.  It took me about 2 hours to install.  Please read through the manual first as it is very helpful.  There are also video guides at the Fortress website.  I was so thrilled about how the product was so simple to setup, I ordered one for my girlfriend and installed at her house as well.  When I called customer support for help, I left a message on a Sunday and Michael returned my call that day to help me.  THAT'S WHAT I CALL GOING OVER AND BEYOND! Thank you Michael for your excellent products and customer support!::Matthew T::5.0::October 3, 2013
R1XMD2A7J4Y2VF::Good product::Good product for the price. Easy to install, and set up.  Very loud alarm for it's size.  Product has been performing as it should..::Lee Smith::4.0::October 1, 2013
R3KS4T46KWDUJ6::Security complete::It's set up is good, just lacks some explanations to finese it to work in different modes, ie. telephone answering machine.::D. Robinson::4.0::September 23, 2013
R1FNE5BRYXJXBO::Good system for the price::We moved into a new neighborhood and they have had a few break in's lately, so we decided to try this system, as we are on a budget and didn't want a long term contract with a security company. We are very pleased with how the system works and it should be perfect for our needs. As long as the parts and remotes hold up over time, I would not hesitate to recommend this system.::TuffCookie::5.0::September 3, 2013
RKC3CWKYXYBV8::Worth every single penny.::"Very happy with product. Highly recommend to any home, simple to use and very effective. Customer support is also very polite and helpful. Programed it in a few minutes and good to go! I have been searching a while for an effective and affordable home security system and this certainly delivers in all aspects."::Xavier::5.0::July 22, 2013
R27J6SLVXN6Q88::Fast Shippment & easy to install::Had a problem with the system. Called support, they help me troubleshoot, got some extra spare parts just in case the components I have need to be replace, so far so good!!::Carlos de Paula Sanchez::5.0::June 9, 2013
RFJIX9DSLC286::Fortress so2-A::This is what you need to stay protected.it only takes an hour tops with planning the seller pre programs each contact and no drilling just stick the contacts up the dialer is easy to set up it will call you with you're message. You just have to mount the key pad::Rick::5.0::May 31, 2013
R2NKV4DL4YIYND::This system is great!::I bought this system after our building behind our house was broken into. My kids and I live in a really good neighborhood or I thought we did. This system was so easy to install and I did it within a little more than an hour. I set the system up to call my cell when it was tripped and it did just what it was supposed to. Unfortunately the police came to my house and a box had fallen over and tripped the motion detector, thankfully that was all it was. I would recommend this system to anyone that wants personal coverage. We feel very safe now that we have the system.::Dawn King::5.0::March 1, 2014
RABGDGLPXAOVQ::Great System!::I have liked this security system from day one.  Relatively easy to install considering I am ina wheelchair and have only one arm.  I have tested it numerous times and it performsflawlessly.  No more monthly monitoring fees!::James Buck::5.0::January 27, 2014
R135NMKAW0ZQCK::Wireless Home Security System::Excellent product and very fast delivery. System is as described and setup and installation was a snap. Thanks for your great service and product!!!! I have and will continue to recommend this system to everyone.........::George H. Craig Jr.::5.0::April 17, 2013
RXE4FLMPZSLZF::Peace of mind::Just installed this in my rental home.  This system has the same exact features and does the same thing that my high dollar security system has.Took a few hours setting it up and putting each door, window and sensor where I felt it was needed to be placed.  I then added phone numbers for the alarm system to call and it worked like a pro.  The person renting home felt it would be best if the siren did not alert the intruder as to where the mother board was so they would not be able to disarm before the call was placed.  We need to catch them not scare them away. LOL  #1 security system for the money.::LJ::5.0::January 21, 2014
R3OR3BAZBRB46T::No false alarms yet, but motion sensors are battery hogs and "off switch" is ridiculous.::The system was pretty easy to install. Everything is synced right out of the box. A little unfriendly to set-up the preferences, but I've seen worse.Two issues that keep this at 3 stars for me.1) the motions sensors are battery hogs!  I wishful here was a way to adjust the sensitivity on the units.  Maybe that would save some battery life.  I was able to adjust a set of jumpers inside the unit to turn off the status LED. That may save some battery life.2) this is a big one for me.  I get that this is an "affordable" unit, so I can't expect everything.  But there is literally on "on/off" switch on the side of the unit.  It's easy to find and easy to turn the alarm of, even if the siren is going off.  No way to bypass it either.  OEM suggested putting a screw in it, but I'm worried I may short out the whole unit.  And that loud siren, well it's connected with a basic headphone style connector.  So if it's going off, you can just yank out the plug.  (Or hit the above mentioned ON/OFF switch.Overall it's a good alternative to an expensive ADT style system.  Would be so much better without the mentioned short comings, but still a good buy.::Scott M. Rhodes::3.0::November 10, 2013
RCH2YG2SX5GGF::Works as Advertised, and How You Can Improve it::I set up a Fortress S02A system about 10 months ago and it has performed as advertised.  My system uses the two battery-powered motion detectors that came with the kit.  I had requested pet immune sensors from the seller (via email) just after ordering thru Amazon, and the seller replied yes, but while the sensors that arrived have no marking to indicate that they are in fact the pet immune variety, the cat has never triggered a motion sensor.- My configuration isnt typical.  The wireless system replaced an older wired system, and I was surprised to see that the new system includes connections for up to 7 wired sensors.  The instructions state that the new unit requires 12 Vdc to take advantage of the wired connections.  I asked the seller about requirements for current and regulation for this 12 Vdc power, but he pled ignorance (and didnt offer to find out).  At my own risk, I bought a 12 Vdc regulated converter for this purpose ($7.89 from Amazon) and connected the existing wires that led to three existing door sensors.  Fortunately, they all worked and it is possible to program the control unit to add a delay to any of the wired zones. I was able to add a delay to the front door circuit.  (Instructions state that the a delay is fixed at 30 seconds but it is 18 seconds on my unit, and 18 seconds sometimes isnt enough in my case).- There are a number of drawbacks to the system, as youve no doubt read elsewhere.  The biggest, in my opinion, is that the system doesnt tell you if any doors are open when you attempt to arm the system.  Theres no reason why it couldnt have been designed that way.  The wireless door sensors all report when a door has just opened, but they also could have been designed to report that a door has just closed  that way the control unit could keep track of all door zones and let you know that a door isnt closed when you try to leave.  The designers intent may have been to maximize battery life of the door sensors.  However, the system also ignores the fact that a wired door is open when you attempt to arm the system, and wired doors dont use batteries.  In any event, theres no fix for this.- Another well-known problem is that the control unit can be smashed by an intruder, and that would silence both the small siren that is part of the package and it would also silence an external wireless siren that you can add to the kit (for a whopping $49).  The small but very loud siren that comes with the kit is connected by a short (maybe 3-foot) pair of wires, and that will help an intruder quickly locate the control unit.  The control unit will attempt to call one or more programmed phone numbers upon triggering, but the call may or may not be completed if the control unit is destroyed first.- However, the kit comes with two small wireless remotes that can arm and disarm the system, so you wont normally need to use the control units keyboard after its been set up to operate with the other wireless devices.  Instead, you can hide the wireless remotes in an easily accessible place of your choice near the entry door (behind a flower arrangement, behind a curtain, etc.) and use the remotes to arm and disarm the system.  You can then put the control unit in a cabinet or behind the couch to keep it out of sight, but youll also need to splice a pair of extension wires between the control unit and its siren so that the siren doesnt reveal the control units location.  Put the siren where it isnt easily found, such as behind a bookshelf or on top of a tall cabinet.  (And hide the control unit where you can still hear it when it beeps to tell you that it has responded to commands from the remotes.)- My kit came with an instruction booklet that was intended for a different system.  The kit included a single sheet of instructions to quickly set up the system, and the first instruction was to download the correct instructions.  The downloaded instructions were written very poorly, in my opinion, and are made worse because they are obviously a translation by someone whose native language isnt English.- The control unit contains a chargeable battery pack that is supposed to keep it operational for about a day if house power is lost.  The external (optional) siren is powered by 12 vdc from an AC adaptor and there is no battery backup for it.  Finally, in my situation, battery backup is required for the wired door sensors.  To provide my own battery backup, I bought a 12 volt, 5AH sealed lead-acid (SLA) battery (around $15 at Costco).  To keep the battery charged, I connected it to a Mini-Box picoUPS-100 12V DC micro UPS system / battery backup system ($27.33 from Amazon).  The picoUPS is powered by an unregulated 16 Vdc adaptor that you plug into a wall receptacle (under $10 from Amazon).  The picoUPS unit in turn automatically controls a charge current, as needed, to the battery.  The battery supplies power to the control unit for the wired sensors and to the external siren.  The charged batterys output is about 14 volts, but the control unit and the siren normally use a 12 volt source.  To lower the batterys normal 14 volt output to about 12 volts (not sure this is necessary, but it typically prolongs the life of the items that use this power), I put a pair of 1N4001 diodes (Radio Shack) in series with the battery output to lower the voltage seen by the control unit and siren to about 12 Vdc.::NatO::4.0::March 3, 2014
R3SEGUBSD2Q2NV::varry nice::I can't say enough good about this product. It work's perfectly just as thay said it would. Varry easy to set up.::BBhBhfBhfsBhfsfBhfsfgBhfsfgjBhfsfgjfBhfsfgjfd...::5.0::January 28, 2014
R1N1RZX2AS3WQ2::Good alarm::This alarm works great. The manual is a bit difficult to follow when programming things, but customer support is pretty good. They are very helpful.::C. Martinez::5.0::January 22, 2014
R3K4TLEGPYRN7V::Easy to set up and works as designed::This is a simple one for those who cannot afford monthly hefty pay, but would like to have something that could be peace of mind.I was able to set it up easily and I will now get notification on my mobile if someone tries to break through door or window.::Venkatesh::4.0::December 30, 2013
R2P01P8MASYNJY::For the money a GREAT system!::Like many people have previously stated, the instruction manual could be written more clearly.  However, I only had a few minor problems and was able to get them resolved by calling Michael at Fortress.  I also sent him an email and he responded in about 2 days with the correct solution.  For the money, the system works very well.  It's not a commercial system by any means but it is well worth the $129 I paid.  I have had only one false alarm and have not been back to the house to find out why and which zone alarmed.  I re-armed the system over the phone and it has been good for 2 weeks now.  The biggest problem I had was with the HOME setting.  I had my motion sensors close enough that it was possible to have both sensing movement at the same time.  I was using the ANTI JAM mode and for some reason this caused the system to think someone was trying to jam the system.  I turned off ANTI Jam and the problem went away.  The system kept say it was Zone "01" but I think that is the default number the system uses if it has an internal error or alarm of some kind.  All in all it is a great system,  customer support is awesome and I'm very happy I bought it.::Mike S. "FSOfficer"::5.0::November 10, 2013
R38LPHTBV0I5FR::Trouble dialing 3, 6, and 9. Too short 9V Battery life::I had problems because the users guide was not up to date but got immediate and excellent support and my alarm was working as expected ... until I found that I could not dial the numbers 3, 6 and 9 when the alarm was connected to the phone line. When disconnected, I could dial the numbers. I tried 3 different phones and all showed the same problem.I asked for support  but got no answer. Fortunately I could solve the problem by myself. It was caused by a conflict between the line filter for the modem and the alarm.One 9 Volt Battery was fully discharded after 2 months :(That is why I give it 4 stars::Freeflyer "Gonz  http://lalentedegonz.com  Ex...::4.0::October 13, 2013
R1PZ030TXUMC1Z::Does the job nicely. Excellent Customer Support!!::I have installed alarm systems professionally in the past using systems from Ademco (now Honeywell) and GE Caddx and they are not designed for DIY installation.  Those systems have lots of options and functions to provide a high level of security with UL listed components. This time I just needed some temporary that would provide a deterrent and scare away would be intruders. This looked like it would fit the bill. Before ordering I had some questions so I called and spoke to Mike who I believe owns the company. He answered my questions and got the product out to me that day. 48 hours later I had it installed and working. I had one question and when I called he answered quickly and gave me the info I needed.  It's only been a couple of days but there have been no false alarms and everything works as advertised.  A nice touch is that the sensors are pre-programmed and tested so it's virtually a plug and play system only requiring that you enter a phone number for the dial out.  Of course you can make other changes but you don't have to.  Very pleased with this especially for the price!::Brucer::5.0::June 29, 2013
R2IBIU6SOAU6B1::Great product - Genius!::I've purchased many items but have never written a review, but felt compelled too because this is a great product.  The alarm and sensors are pre-programmed by Michael (the owner).  Very easy to setup once I realized the smaller portion of the window/door alarm needs to be to the right of the other component.  Alarm is super loud, motion sensor works great!  I haven't tested the phone line usage, but I have no doubts it will work exactly as described.  Why waste the money on monitoring when this will call you immediately when the alarms sounds.  Key fabs/remotes are a great addition to this alarm....can arm/disarm/panic button wirelessly from these.  Highly recommend if you don't want to pay a monthly monitoring fee!::Melissa::5.0::May 24, 2013
R2Z1248J5NGHZA::Simple and efficient system with awesome customer service::I bought this product few weeks ago because I needed a basic system to protect a rented condo unit. This system had the right amount of sensors that I was looking for; 2 motion + 5 magnetic. The delivery was quicker than expected and it was easy to install for testing. The seller (Mike) was so kind that had already programmed in advance all the sensors. This saved me time. The only thing I had to program in the main panel was the telephone number that I wanted the system to call when the alarm was activated through the sensors. Unfortunately the microphone in the main panel did not work properly and when I contacted the seller he swiftly sent me a new panel for exchange. Now everything is working properly. The transmission between the sensors and the main panel is quite powerful; I have the panel installed at the second floor and the magnetic sensor triggers the unit from the basement walkout door without any issue. I am extremely satisfied for the support received from the seller and for the functionality of this simple alert system that I would recommend it to anyone looking for an inexpensive method to protect their residence.::alferit::5.0::March 24, 2013
R2ZI2HXDRY6XDO::Great for the price, easy set up when using the YouTube videos::Bought this security system for our condo as we are moving soon and did not want to invest in an expensive security system.  This is a great option and I got it at a great price.  I like the use of the "sticky pads" for the door and window mounts, which eliminated the need to drill holes (again, a plus since we're moving soon; no need to fill holes!).  The system works great and using the keychain fobs makes it easier to arm/disarm without having to worry about how many seconds you have left to get in/get out of your domicile.  As mentioned by several other reviewers, the paper instructions that come with the system are not great, but several YouTube videos have been posted by the manufacturer that make set up a breeze!::KReed324::4.0::May 21, 2014
R26WG4HGFSEZ5A::Excellent product, but...::The only thing that needs to be commented on is the incompatibility of the door magnets with the modern type of door frame that exists in 99.99% of the typical home,  You HAVE to cut a notch in the beveled edge of the door frame to correctly align the magnet with the detector. You could stick the magnet on this type of door frame as is, but it would be highly improbable that a good bond would be created, and you are limited by a maximum 1/2 inch spacing between the magnet and the detector. I might add that this does not reflect in any way on the excellent quality of this particular product; it is a feature that is almost universal with all modern alarm systems. The only solution I can think of is manufactures of door frames start notching their frames to accommodate the magnets.::Don::4.0::May 12, 2014
R2NUL7BO56QN59::works well::Very good alarm system. Met our needs. Worth the money and easy to set up and use.i really like it.::Doc::5.0::April 27, 2014
R3M8733UUC2NWF::Good system but watch for battery signals on sensors!::I would have rated 5 star except I recently discovered a problem that I feel is pretty significant.I have the door sensor leaving the kitchen to the garage on delay so I can use the remote to arm the system while at the door and hear the "beep" knowing it's arming.I came inside and didn't hear the "beep beep beep" telling me it's about to alarm and I need to disarm it.Well, the small battery in that door sensor was weak enough to not allow it to work.If someone had entered that door while I was home asleep, I would not have known. If they broke in while I was gone, the motion detectors would still set the alarm off.Pay attention to the 2 LED's on each sensor. If both blink when the door is opened, get a new battery installed!!3/8/14 update: wife just noticed the hallway motion sensor wasn't showing the red light when going down the hall. Yep, dead battery and same with the living room motion detector, dead battery. There's no other way you're going to know if the batteries have died except by paying attention to what each sensor/detector is or isn't doing.::K. Walton::4.0::November 27, 2013
R36PIESZDB844Z::great DIY product::just bought this system due to a recent break-in and wanted some piece of mind..but didn't want to pay for any monthly monitoring fee. great reasonable price. loved the door/window, and motion sensors. the able/disable remotes were also a plus. came with plenty of the security system decals that you can put on your windows. the siren was super loud. Mike also answered all of my tech support questions. would definetly recommend!::Alexander Lee::5.0::October 2, 2013
R3IZLDX37HAA31::Fortress Security Store (TM) S02-A Wireless Home Security Alarm System DIY... Fortress Security Store::this security system is formidable high presicion ccon, configurable via remote control can activate the alarm, turn it off and allow the home to be safe I recommend::Javier Simancas::5.0::September 26, 2013
RKKFP5YVJ4P4B::Home security system::absolutely the best customer service from the Fortress company!  Very informative tutorial videos to aid in installation. Great product. fair price.::Peter A. Foronda::5.0::September 26, 2013
R1KTF7BZVYJXH3::So glad they have phone help::We found this fairly easy to install.  We were very glad for the  video for question that we had also Mike is always there on the phone for help.  He does call back if you need to leave a message.::Karen W Beck::4.0::September 10, 2013
R2B3EE9B6XOZMK::great::I have lived in my home for 19 years , and just got broke into, this security system was very easy to install, and is doing the job, letting my neighbors now that I now have an alarm, , lets hope it keeps the thiefs away this time.::Linda::4.0::September 3, 2013
R1AHPRC7YD8TU4::Sets up easily and works very well::I read the reviews of this product before buying it. I needed a system for my daughter's home that was recently broken into. She needed one that was easy to setup and was portable as she is renting her place currently. Everything ohter reviewers said were right on the mark. Thanks!::G. d'Arbonne "Greg d'"::5.0::August 31, 2013
R1VQFJLEV62VRS::Good product, great price.::In my situation for securing a garage, and even more if I wanted to, it was a no brainer, an the customer service and reviews help a lot.::Merl::5.0::August 26, 2013
RUQREH2E9YDCM::Fortress S02-A::I bought another wireless home security alarm system before this one, the former one costs about $180, the membrane keypad is so insensitivity that i have pressed hard for 10+ time before i could enter a number, I then returned it.  Fortress S02-A has similar features but a much better keypad, the door sensors and motion sensors are sturdy and responsive. The programming commands were easy to understand. The alarm phone calls are effective. I highly recommend it.::Tsun Keung "tk"::5.0::August 8, 2013
RXKMJY3HNTZG8::Bought 2!::Installed in summer and winter houses.  The parts were easy to install.  Instructions were easy to follow.  One package covers whole house.::S. Bryant "Dancinghorses"::5.0::July 1, 2013
R18NZG59CV7QB9::Very easy to install. Works great,::Thisproductwas very easy to install and use. Great product. Makes me rest easier knowing that my daughter is better protected in her new home.::Debbie::5.0::June 30, 2013
R3PNC0GCYKQBBR::LOOK NO FURTHER THAN FORTRESS FOR WIRELESS SECURITY::looked for the most economical yet best suited for my home ;Fortress was it; the customer service cannot be beat; where else will the CEO of the company personally call to address any issues with the unit . Set up was a breeze with a couple of calls to him. I highly recommend this product::martin lorenzo::5.0::June 29, 2013
RMICRFNBBE2S6::good product::I did have some problems with this unit, but the dealer was very prompt and helpful with it. We got it sorted out and I am happy with it.::Frederick C. Bucheit "derfbu"::5.0::May 24, 2013
ROJ7YPJ9BF6E::Great alarm::I tell you. very easy to install. Only think you have to program is the phone number you want it to call. I previously ordered  skylink 100 but it did not have a dialer. Well if someone breaks in when you are not home you want the alarm to dial out. Plus, with this alarm you get two sensors and five door window sensors::rater::5.0::May 18, 2013
R37WHGX9NW07JT::Great Customer Service!::I needed some assistance with the system and called the support number included with the kit.  Actually spoke to a real person named Mike who was very helpful and everything was resolved.::John A. Clayton "jclayton"::5.0::May 14, 2013
R1U99T0AUEN43Q::This Sytem Really Works!::We bought the system in early November, for my office in downtown San Francisco, and took about 3 hours to set it up. The manual was terrible but I understand Mike has re-written it and it is now available in clearer form on the web-site. Mike talked us through the parts we did not understand. Within a week the alarm had been triggered and it dialed my cell phone just as it was supposed to. I assumed it was a false alarm but it turned out my land lord had come into the suite because he smelled smoke, so score one for Fortress Security! Then last night, at 1:00 am, the system started calling my cell repeatedly. After the 6th call, I reluctantly got dressed and drove to the office. The police met me here, and we entered the suite, apparently just after the burglar was leaving through the rooftop door! He was in such a rush he left his backpack, with his I.D. and other stolen material. The police caught him about an hour later when he fell from the roof and broke his ankle. Score two for Fortress Security! I can't believe that the system already paid for itself in the first month of ownership!::Doug Thorne::4.0::November 25, 2013
R3DUKWYNUWR1HD::This is a great product::This was the best reviewed system under security system electronics that didn't cost $800, and it had just the right amount of contacts and motions necessary for what I needed.The system is a little over $100, and it comes with enough contacts and motions to cover a modestly sized home/apartment.I live in a 3 bedroom duplex, and the 5 contacts were enough to cover my 5 windows, and the two motions were placed by the entryway and the back door.Legitimately good system, and works right from the getgo.Cheaply manufactured, and made in China, but Fortress has the Full year guarantee, so if anything goes wrong, they will replace it.::CurledUp::4.0::February 20, 2013
R282PB20RDB0M::don't know where all these positive reviews came from ?::After reading all the positive reviews I went with this system --- it would not dial out, after several phone calls I was asked to return the panel which I did, received the replacement in less than a week but it would not work at all---several phone calls with messages left to PLEASE call me have gone unanswered ! No choice but to return it to Amazon......::wayne huffman::2.0::April 15, 2014
REFV544RKYA4L::Good product.::I chose this system over another I had considered, the Skylink SC-1000 Complete Wireless Alarm System, White. I chose this one for the ability to listen in to the sounds in my house if I was notified of an alarm via cell phone, which is a nice feature for the price. That one also only came with two door/window sensors and this system includes 5, plus an extra key fob, and the Skylink has only one motion detector and this system has two. My package arrived this afternoon and I spent about 45 minutes reading through the instructions and watching some of the videos at the supplied link.A couple of first impressions: one, I appreciated that everything I needed was included. I expected to have to purchase an extra phone cord but one was in the box.  Two, from the graphic on the sales page it didn't appear that any signage/stickers were included that would indicate that the house is protected by an alarm system.  Two large stickers were included in the box, which is great.  Perhaps as a separate sales item on the company website or here on Amazon you could offer an option for a yard sign as well. Any extra deterrence helps.It took about an hour to install the system and with the siren disconnected I opened a door while the system was armed. Within about 30 seconds my cell phone rang and the message I'd recorded was played. Pretty impressive.For those about the install this system, I'd suggest that you switch the arm/disarm notification tone on the main panel from 'chirp', which gives off an obnoxious, jarring little blast from the siren - to beep.While there is a wireless siren available, my only real concern with this unit out of the box is that the siren simply plugs into the main panel. Someone could easily unplug the siren in seconds, and while the call would still go out it's too bad that the siren component could be so quickly disabled.  That's probably a flaw in most of these DIY security systems, however. For the price this is an excellent value and works well.::J. Luigi::5.0::September 24, 2013
R1YZOOQOE55I9A::its okay but,::I have this product for a month and two false motion  alarms had trigger,auto dial is okwireless range is ok::Christopher Malavasi::3.0::August 28, 2013
R1B2HN388FG35Q::Great simple alarm::I was in need of a simple alarm system that I could install myself, and not have to pay some ridiculous monthly fee to a monitoring company.  This alarm filled my needs.  All the sensors were already preprogrammed, so all I had to do was mount them, then mount the main control unit, turn it on, and after programming my phone number into it, which was also very easy, I then plugged in the siren, and tested it.  Installation probably took less than 30 minutesEverything worked just as it said it would.  The remote even worked from all the way out by my mailbox, which is about 100 feet away from the control unit.  I pressed the button to arm it, and the siren chirped, then I waited for the second chirp that tells me that it's fully armed. I then walked up to the front door, opened it, which resulted in the siren going off, and it even dialed my cell phone to alert me to a break in.::S. Schwalem::5.0::July 22, 2013
R259IEYOCZ4YVM::easy to set up::this device works great, with an easy to set up booklet to get you running in minutes. just a great buy recommend it.::luis dorantes::5.0::July 17, 2013
R1G03AZVQG946Y::Exactly what I was looking for.::This product has great reviews and they are all valid.  The system was easy to use and nice and loud.::Forest Penn::5.0::July 16, 2013
R1ELX17XZD1FXU::Excellent for the price::The alarm is easy to install.EVERITHING COME PREPROGRAMED.BUT THE MANUAL IS NOT UP TO DATE .You have to call, Mike .the owner of the company for a complete instruction.EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND PERFECT PRICE::ALIK NAZARIO::5.0::May 25, 2013
R3GAZTSFFXRG8A::Supplier asistance::Fortress supplier has been very concerned and and in direct contact for a successful install. Also supplied a very well prepared install manual Thanks Amazon::Larry::5.0::April 23, 2013
R1ZGXKA1XX67PH::Cheap but functional security alarm::Couldn't believe how cheap this system was. You can definitely tell the build quality suffers as a result, but it doesn't impact the functionality of the system as a whole. Shipping was really fast, and installation didn't take very long.::Sofia::5.0::January 25, 2013
RMA8C9V5S3ZN8::Should have done a bit more research::Bought it, didn't really inspect it to install it until two months later. What I found:Cons:-Alarm has to be kept close to the keypad due to small wire-Alarm can be unplugged from keyboard, stops the alarm-Keyboard has an OFF button on the side???? No code entry needed?-Doesn't matter because you could just unplug the keyboard.Pros:-Sensors seemed to work well-Siren was very loudConclusion:Other than a loud alarm that would hopefully scare a burglar away, this system doesn't have too much going for it. Too many wires that can be unplugged to nullify it. It is my own fault for not doing better research, and I have to take full responsibility for that one. I bought it for my house, which is too big and too spread out from neighbors for any kind of alert to be effective. Not going to use it, I'm buying Simplisafe. Recommend everyone checks that out.However. I feel this system would have been great in my old apartment. Close quarters like that and you only need the alarm to sound for a second for people to check it out. (Which it will if anyone continues coming into your home and sees it.)::Stephen A. Tardif "SAT586"::2.0::June 6, 2014
R2OE9M37KYM6GU::OK, but need to improve reliability::Setup for the system was simple, actually super simple.  Has tons of options and features.  More remotes than I know what to do with.  The way the system is programmed gets to be a bit complicated, but once you figure out the method, it's not bad.  My issue was that within 5 days of setting it up, either the power supply, or entire main console, failed.  No power, just dead.  Returned, and I won't be buying another of this one.  I need something that will work when I need it to.::bcstyle::2.0::June 2, 2014
R2ISHMMTQ1DRTX::Not for me.::Didn't work for us.  I'm not saying it's a bad product, just wasn't what we wanted.  I had to return it.::motorcyclemamma::3.0::May 4, 2014
R3ISFJ3A2ZL8I5::Overall it is a good buy.::I have been using this system for less 1 months now. Overall it is a good buy. I have had a few issues, one of the remotes in no longer working,  I called and talked to tech support,,, still waiting to see what happens.C Mendez,Springfield Ma::Carlos M.::3.0::March 30, 2014
R33582W7GPY5QD::Great and important product::Arrived timely. Was a bit confusing until the email with the link to videos arrived. Then it was a breeze. The alarm is loud inside the house, but cant be heard outside (I think). It dials both phone numbers, but having some trouble setting up the message. Having some issues with the telephone line and whether it interferes with the internet in the house. Working on resolving it. Otherwise great product, particularly the motion sensors etc. Like the key fob remotes as well. Will probably upgrade to S02-E over time.::Amit Varma::4.0::July 21, 2013
R209313HLLZRPH::A Great System at a Low Price!::The Security System was delivered in just a few days.  It only took us an hour or so to install it throughout the house.  Seems to work very well, gives me much Peace of Mind, when I go to bed at night, knowing the system is on, running and protecting my home and family.  The only problem I see is if the system is armed and you happen to leave a door or window open it doesn't tell you.  So we must make sure everything is locked up first, then we are safe.  It is well worth the price & easy to install.::Gary P Limborg::4.0::July 2, 2013
R3JX3DVAZNA4AY::Good product for the buck::Easy to install but little difficult to setup siren is very loud and does what an alarm should do.  A sure buy.::lukasz adamkiewicz::4.0::October 2, 2013
R2R68JCK6QFFTV::Perfect Order::This Is The Best This Is So Loud That Police Were Modified This Keeps Me Secure And They Have Great Costumer Service I Will Order More Often This Is A Great To Keep Your Family Super Safe::cody34::5.0::January 25, 2013
RN394ITB7IMW4::Would not recommend::The item we received had parts missing, we believe this system was previously a returned item. We also received this item without a manual or any instructions. It was totally useless and could not be installed. We returned the Fortress and purchased a different product.::Joseph DiChiaro::1.0::March 12, 2014
RP0BHANDML1J5::Great for its price::This product is great for it's price. However it is not easy to set up if you do not follow the manual.What ever you do, do not RESET it. You have to manually program every sensor. And then you get mixed up with which sensor is what zone area etc.Programming is not easy, you have to keep the manual always with you. the display is not user-friendly, it only shows number. The only way you know what you are doing is by counting beeps etc.Once you set it, it should be easy.One very weak quality is burglar can shut it off or pull the plug easily.::Bef::3.0::March 5, 2014
R30LOGYM7TSMYN::Fortress Alarm is an Outstanding value::Ordered the Fortress alarm but Amazon sent me a "look alike" alarm from another Chinese company with no US customer service.  Make sure you get the Fortress Alarm.  It will say "Fortress" right on the front of the alarm control box.  It was only after I had trouble with a sensor on the "look alike" alarm and called Fortress, that Mike (Fortress Security owner) explained that Amazon had sent me an alarm from another company.  I returned the faulty alarm to Amazon and they gave me a full refund.  I ordered the Fortress Alarm and it works great!  All the instructions are clear and the alarm is completely programmed and it took me about 30 minutes to install and setup.  This alarm is an outstanding value and Fortress Alarm has great customer service.::Paul Air 9::5.0::October 15, 2013
R30YJ72HSG82IO::Main system stopped working after 26 hours::everything about this item was wonderful, except it didn't work. Sounded wonderful, nice features, already setup. I spent four hours setting up the system, mounting units into the walls, door and windows, seemed to work fine. Noticed problem if a window was already open, system wouldn't arm; this can be a problem in the summertime, and I didn't understand why if the window sensors keyed off of the magnets being moved, but whatever. Only downside, and I was going to figure something out as I NEED the windows cracked occasionally. However, the next day, the main unit stopped working altogether. Display was constant "88" or "66" or something unintelligible, and was completely non-responsive. Even removing power didn't help. Packed it all back up and shipped it back. Very upset for a system that says right on the box, "Security that just WORKS".Be aware, I then purchased a similar item on eBay, from China, that looked JUST like the fortress system. WORTHLESS. wrong power supply, not the same features, cheaper electronics. stopped working, also. Sent it back, too.I'm very disappointed after reading the reviews here, and to be honest, with the features, it was well worth the cost and I was going to recommend this to all my family; not a small number of units I could have sold for Fortress :) Now, I don't know. I'm going to order the system above this one (I still think it's better than the other systems, if it would just work. I need more window sensors and another key fob, also, so I ordered up) and give this company another chance.. We'll see.::D. Ricketts "Ponytail"::2.0::September 26, 2013
RWP3U9Y2QFVSL::Flimsy hardware, incomprehendeble instruction manual.::Cheap and flimsy hardware. Instruction manual is the worst I have ever seen. Written by someone whose command of the english language is on the elementary school level.::babylon::1.0::January 26, 2014
R3C8V0JQOYI1UK::Amazing Alarm at an Amazing price with Amazing Customer Service!::I've been looking into self monitored alarm systems for some time know.  I can say without a doubt this is the best deal around.  The system works great and is very easy to install.  I won't go into detail because several other reviewers have covered the operation of the system and how easy it is to install.  The system does have its limitations, you can't set the arm or alarm delay lower than 1 minute.  I would have liked to set it at 30 seconds or below.  You can see from the build quality that this is a mass produced product from China however you can't expect ADT quality components for $180 or less.  I've been following the reviews from others for several months and no one has yet to complain that the system falls apart after 6 months.  I've had it installed for two weeks and it is working perfectly.I've only had two issues, I ordered 5 additional window/door sensors from Fortress Security and one of the sensors was bad.  Mike from Fortress sent me two replacements right way.  The external siren had a short which blew out the power supply so Mike sent out a new Siren and power supply.  The system comes with a 3 year warranty, I have to believe that the components are above average for the seller to warranty the system for that long.I know this is a product review but I have to give Mike from Fortress some props.  I have called him several times over the course of the installation and with the two hardware problems.  He was always very courteous and helpful and responded quickly to all of my requests.  His customer services skills are well worth the price of the system.  Great job Mike!::Snapperheadjoe::5.0::March 20, 2013
R1QWCJ0SSQZTXT::What the instruction book doesn't tell you...::Most of what I've written here isn't going to make any sense to you unless you have already read the manual or are already familiar with how alarm systems work. This is more of an installation guide supplement to the supplied instruction sheet.The instruction booklet that comes with the system has been rewritten by the supplier, it's okay, but doesn't go into a lot of technical detail. I found a copy of the original "32 zones wireless alarm system" manual online, and you can tell it comes from the same people that gave us "All your base are belong to us!" The rewritten guide is a good start, but I'll try to fill in what it leaves out.When you open the box you see there are two power adapters supplied with this system, one for the control panel and one for the exterior siren... the power adapters aren't clearly labeled and look identical, but they are different... one is 9VDC the other 12VDC. The 9V goes to the control panel, the 12V is for the exterior alarm.Here's what the instruction book doesn't tell you...You can program more than one sensor to a zone, ie. you can have a motion and 2 magnetic sensors all in zone 3 or all smoke alarms in one zone. At first I thought the 'magic-8' first zones, where you can specify delay, chime, home, etc. were going to be a big limitation, but after I figured out you can have as many sensors per zone as you need it's not that much of a limitation after all... as long as you plan ahead.The zone type 'home' doesn't have a delay - I thought it should/would, but it acts as 'instant' unless the system is in home armed mode. Keep this in mind when you pick a location for the control panel... again, planning the layout of the system and what sensors are home/delay can save you a lot of trouble later.The system comes pre-programmed, but you might find resetting the control panel and starting from scratch better suits you needs. A good example is when setting up the sensors to use the zone numbers to identify areas... for example 01-09 can be the main floor, 10-19 the garage, 20-29 basement, 30-32 shed... etc. you get the idea, that way when a sensor trips with a quick look at the control panel you'll know if it's a 2X number sounding it's coming from a sensor in the basement. I think you'll find this a very handy feature and worth the time it takes to reprogram the control panel and that leads us to the next tip...Once you enter sensor program mode you can program everything by just entering the next zone number and activating the sensor. After you hear the 2-beeps, enter the next zone number, etc. until all the sensors are programmed. This is a big time saver and everything can be programed in under 10-minutes (don't ask me how I know this :)) Just keep in mind the program command 7# (enter sensor program mode) is very similar to the 7* (clear all sensors) command!The panic button can be programmed in any zone (09-32) and works regardless of armed/disarmed system status, as long as the control panel is on. It doesn't needs to be programmed in the 01-07 zones for it to work as intended.Motion sensors, have a usable range of about 28-feet, in the literature it states up to 15-meters (45+ feet) and a 110-degree spread - I don't know how they arrived at those figures. I tested 2 of the motion sensors in a big open garage with nothing but air between me and the sensor and never got any where near those kinds of results. Maybe they're using them in a vacuum to get 45 feet?Inside the motion sensor are jumpers on the PC board to set sleep time and and IR Sensor range. The sleep time is the amount of time the sensor waits after it detects movement to sense movement again, it can be set to 5-seconds (default), 45-seconds or 3-minutes. I see no reason why this needs to be less than 3-minutes in habitable (home zone) areas (kitchen, living room, etc.) and it probably also greatly increases battery life. The IR range can be used to shorten the distance it 'sees' should you need it.I purchased a few extra motion sensors and when I opened the box noticed that 2 of them were already turned 'on' - how long these have been sitting on a shelf in the on state wearing down the battery needlessly I don't know, but I expect to see a yellow light (low battery) any day now on those.All the wireless remote controls can be programmed into any one zone (09-32), and/or with other sensors.A full system reset (0000#) doesn't reset the exterior siren.Installation notes...I skipped the double-sided tape and screw attached everything - it only takes a few minutes to drill a hole and put a screw in it. This way I don't have to worry about a sensor setting off a false alarm if it becomes unstuck and falls off.The magnetic door/window sensors will likely need shims on either the door casing or the door itself. I used a variety of things; 1/16" plastic laminate, 1/8" and 1/4" MDF to keep everything in the same plane - I wouldn't bother using these magnetic sensors on windows, burglars aren't going to open the window, they're going to break the glass! Use glass breakage or motion sensors to cover windowed areas.The motion sensor comes with a swivel base for mounting, using this base the sensor stands a good 1-1/2" away from the wall... in testing I was able to approach the sensor by sliding along the wall without setting it off. I took the sensor off the swivel and mounted the base ("back") of the senor directly to the wall, you need to drill a hole through the plastic, but the entire sensor can be completely dismantled and the PC board removed with just one screw. A 1/4 shim at the top (use some silicon adhesive to keep it in place) will give you the recommended 6-degree down angle. Mounting the bottom of the motion sensor about 7-feet above the floor, there's a screw in the top you need to be able to remove to change batteries so this will give you enough room to get stubby screwdriver in there and by putting it in a corner at 45-degrees seems to give the best coverage.On the control panel the power switch, telephone jacks and siren connectors are on the side (who designed this thing!), besides why does an alarm need an on/off switch? These should have been on the rear with screw terminals, instead of the push plugs they used. And the control panel should have a much more secure way of mounting it to the wall than a couple of hooks. First thing I did was to open the control panel (screws are under rubber feet) and solder a short across the power switch - there's no reason to ever turn it off that I can think of. I was able to made a recess in the wall and to fish the wires behind the wall to the panel then mounted 1"  angle around all four sides it to keep the panel from being removed from the wall and the plugs pulled out, but with the panel hatch closed the panel isn't even visible. Aside from mounting it out of the way in a closet, this is probably the best option to keep it near an exit door.The inside alarm siren is listed as 140db, I measured ~95db at 5-feet with a sound level meter... it's still loud, but it's not 140db loud.Now, antenna up or down is the question - or I guess I should say antenna extended, because with the magnetic door sensors they're some instances where the antenna will be pointed down - I'm an antenna up kind of guy, on all sensors no matter how close they are to the control panel and here's why... the control panel only has one chance to receive the signal from the sensor and if there's something else transmitting on a nearby frequency it has a better chance of getting through if the antenna is up. In a well designed alarm system you have motion sensors to backup the magnetic door sensors, so in reality you should have at a minimum two chances to trip the alarm, but still, antenna up is the way to go.Now for the biggest limitation in this system... the Entry/Exit delay can only be set to 1-90 seconds, yes that's seconds! The default is 30-seconds, now anyone that requires a 30-second exit delay my advice is move! :) Because this really a case of you locking the front door and a burglar breaking in the back door at the same time! 90-second is very short, in my tests this should be a setting that gives you minutes. Let's see why (assuming you're using the control panel for arm/disarm)... arm system, close exit door, wait for the garage door to open, back car out, close garage door... you can't do that in less then a minute. Now try it in reverse, your countdown timer begins as soon as the garage door starts to open, now and try to enter the house and disarm the system in less than 90-seconds... you can't. Very poor design decision to have this important setting in seconds and not minutes. In an otherwise pretty good system this is a big flaw. Okay, I know what you're saying; "why not use the remote control" well, a couple of reasons, but mainly because you can't hear the arm/disarm chirp outside the house, and the exterior siren doesn't sound the chips only the interior siren does and you can't hear that outside the house... in this situation you'll never really know if the system is armed. or disarmed and that's not acceptable. And a remote keypad won't help the situation either, because you're in the car coming in/out of the garage, either the designers don't keep their cars in the garage, or don't have garage door openers, or they're not putting sensors in the garage. I don't know, I don't think they thought this one though all the possible situations where 90-seconds just isn't enough.Bottom line is would I recommend this to someone? Well, for just a few hundred bucks and a couple of hours of your time you can have a fully functioning home alarm system. It does have its limitations, some more severe than others (entry/exit delay is a BIG thumbs down, as is the location of the siren and power jacks), but careful planning can minimize most of them. Buy an alarm system before you need it - it's well worth the effort - but, maybe find a different brand that allows more choice in entry/exit delays.::Tony Haukap::3.0::November 7, 2013
R28P67CNIVE7MS::Fortress Secure Solutions - Wireless Systems::I ordered this wireless system and it arrived promptly.  It is an excellent system.  I like the feature where you can activate the system using different zones for the sensors.  At night or while at home I can hit the HOME alarm button on the remote and can still walk around the house without setting off the alarm because the motion detectors are in a separate zone.  The perimeter (doors and windows) are in a different zone so they can still trigger an alarm.  When leaving the house I can hit the AWAY alarm button and EVERYTHING is activated.  The siren is very loud.  I ordered an extra outdoor siren to cover the front and back of my house and also ordered an extra motion sensor so I now feel very secure when away from my home.  Both the outdoor siren and motion detector also arrived quickly.Though the manual was somewhat confusing, the excellent service I received from Mike, who I believe owns the company, was excellent.  He returned my calls promptly and patiently went through each step of the installation process with me.  I was quite impressed with the service and is largely why I would rate this purchase as EXCELLENT.  The price was really quite reasonable and thus far the alarm has performed well.  I have not yet installed the phone feature, but I'm confident that if I run into any difficulty I can expect great help from the support staff.You can't go wrong with this system...great product, low price and excellent support service!::Robert from Hawaii::5.0::February 2, 2013
R3P5JGZGNQKM9A::INCREDIBLE system, with EXCEPTIONAL customer service!  Cream of the crop - on both counts!  TEN stars!::My husband and I had been looking into getting an alarm system, but we really did not want to incur those "monthly fees" that come with the home monitoring systems.  We wanted something basic, that would give us piece of mind, when we are not home.He and I started researching different systems.  Reviews were the big thing for us.  As most everybody knows, reviews can make or break a purchase.  And when investing in something of this nature (knowing that eventually you may need to contact customer service) it is IMPERATIVE that you can count on good, reliable customer service.  Let me tell you something, you find that right here, with Fortress!I found this system and it had everything we were looking for and the price was within our budget. But the excellent reviews are what sold us!  The system is easily set up.  Nothing super hard about it.  And it does come pre programmed.  My husband did have to call a few times and spoke with Mike.  Mike cares about his customers!  He actually includes his cell phone number with the paperwork.  Every time my husband called, Mike was always available and helpful.  I also ended up calling Mike (just to ask general questions) several times and every time, he was just as nice on my first call, as on my 3rd!As I said, the system is easy to set up and easy to use. Both the indoor and outdoor alarms are LOUD.  Which is what you want.  That's a good thing.  The indoor alarm is loud and piercing.  You can actually hear it pretty good, outside with your doors closed. We are very satisfied with the loudness of these alarms.  Loud is important and loud is what you get.I want to share a story with you.  Just last week, we were re-checking all the contacts, making sure the little red light came on, when we opened a window.  All but one worked.  I e-mailed Mike, letting him know what happened and asked if he could please send me another contact. Within two days, I got my contacts.  Notice I use the plural form.  That's right!  He sent us two contacts.  I was shocked but so appreciative!  He did NOT have to do that. He could have easily sent just one, which is all we asked for.  I e-mailed him and thanked him.  After we got the contacts Mike sent, my husband was pulling the "bad" contact off the window and the back came off.  He saw the battery was loose.  He tightened the battery, put the cover back on and guess what?  That contact worked GREAT!  So, the contact we thought was bad, only had a loose battery.  I felt terrible!  I called Mike and as usual, he picked up the phone.  I apologized, explained what happened and offered to mail the two contacts he had sent us, back to him.  Mike said not to worry about it, thanked me for my honesty and told me to just keep those two, in case we need them down the road!Buy this system.  You will not be disappointed at all.  It's a wonderful alarm system, easy to install, LOUD and the best part?  MIKE COMES WITH IT!  LOL!  You can always count on him and I can not thank him enough for being so incredibly helpful and ALWAYS, always available.I will be recommending this system and company, Fortress (Secure Solutions) to anyone who may be looking for a good home alarm system.  Honestly, I've never been happier.  Mike, your company will go a long way, because you care and have an exceptional product!  THANK YOU again!Beth WilsonRaleigh, NC::Beth Wilson::5.0::April 25, 2013
R3T2EEQGLMF6OA::Amazing customer service for an excellent alarm system::I ordered this system from Amazon and then discovered that what I needed was a system that worked without a land line. I called the company and yes Mike answered the phone. He explained what I needed was only to exchange the keypad I'd purchased for the one that was wifi and for the difference in the price of the two. He said all the components would work with both but would need to be reprogrammed for the new one. He was willing to send me the keypad I needed (2 day delivery with no charge for shipping) and wait for my check when I returned the other. He answered any question I had although the system is straight forward enough there weren't many. The videos on his website are excellent and they are in the process of re-writing the manuals.I'm a very senior citizen and had no problem at all setting it up. It took very little time to reprogram the items with the new keypad and place all the items where I needed them.I like it so well that I've ordered an additional motion detector, remote fob and 2 fire alarms. I appreciate that I can hear the siren beep and receive a text message when I set it with the remote fob. For those times when it is disarmed but I need to set it off NOW, the panic button is ideal. The security system I had called me when the alarm went off and I'd tell them who to call (and the smoke detectors were not connected to that security system). This way I can handle it and be sure the right department is called for my rural area.::quilter1000 "Quilter"::5.0::September 19, 2013
R37QB14DL63GSI::Fortress Security Alarm System::I bought this to help protect a foreclosure my wife and I bought.  Prior to starting renovations, there was an attempted break-in and as I would be leaving tools in the home while not staying there I wanted to have some protection.Starting with the included operating instructions, don't even bother unless you're in the mood for some laughs.  It's clearly a word for word translation from somewhere in Asia.  There is a card in the box recommending you go online for the "updated" manual and I highly suggest you do so.The first thing I noticed, which was great, is that the system came already programmed for each of the alarm modules, both door sensors and motion detectors.  This saved lots of time as it makes it a plug-and-play product.  If you don't intend on expanding with additional modules, you're all set.Once I set up the motion sensors, I spent a couple of hours trying to defeat them.  Moving very (and I mean VERY) slow will work about 10% of the time.  Once I was able to place a Solo cup over the sensor and then move freely about the room.  Keep in mind a thief probably won't take the time to move that slow and I doubt they carry Solo cups.I haven't yet placed any magnetic window or door sensors as I'm installing all new windows and doors.  As for the phone connection part of the system, I use an AT&T; land phone to cell service converter.  I hooked it up and it did dial the number I programmed in but it's not a feature I intend to use.I placed a motion sensor and remote siren in a garage/pole building that's about 150' away from the base.  I had some trouble getting a connection but with the siren's short antennae wire near a window and the base unit also close to a window, it's working fairly well.  It always goes off when tripped but won't always reset with the key fob.My two complaints with the system are minor.  The sensors have this cheesy telescoping antennae on them, like an old transistor radio.  Not a big deal and I guess if it helps extend the range it's worth having them.  They don't need to be extended in the house so it's workable.  The other complaint is their home marketing, or lack thereof.  They include two large generic window stickers that don't even tout the company name.  I understand these things cost money and while I prefer the money goes into a better built product, they should offer, at a price, more window stickers and maybe even a small yard sign.  Advertising an alarm system will make most thieves pass your house and move on to safer pickings even if they're not sure you really have one.I've also yet to find out if the alarm will re-set to active once tripped and being activated for a time or if it just keeps going off.  Still working on that one.Overall, I'm happy enough with the system to buy another remote alarm and motion sensor so I can completely protect the pole barn once I move in.  Keep in mind you're paying under $200 for a system and it will have some limitations.  It's not a remotely monitored ADT package so don't expect all the bells and whistles.  This does what I wanted it to do and I have no problem recommending it as a stand alone system.::Superiordreamin::5.0::April 17, 2013
R378HF5LA8PTD4::No wires, detailed step by step videos instruction, very good support, HIGHLY recommended.::I just bought this to my house. Its 3 floors, 450m2 just for you to have a dimension that I put sensors on the front and at the lowest level and all of them are working just fine , wireless.The system is complete, fully programmable. Comes ready to work, but you can still customize it. It comes with one of the sensors (08) ready for the front door, meaning its a delayed sensor for you to have time to open the door and disarm the system even when not using the remote, between 0-90s. But I have a second back door that I wanted the same feature. You just have to reprogram one of the sensors to a zone lower than 08 (I used 07) and after reprograming the sensor number, put it as a delayed one.I also loved the feature that you can have audio beeps when some doors are opened (you choose which). I put that on my front and back door, so now I know when my kids are going to play outside , and more than that, if everyone is inside house and I hear the beep (even when the alarm is off) I know that front or back door was open.Motion sensors are really good, the remote siren is loud enough for half block to hear it. System is smart enough to call you in case of any breach  and you can disarm it remotely. If you cannot pick the call, it can call other 3 numbers, play a message you recorded and the person can disarm the system or not. You can also call home and arm the system if you forgot to when you left.For its price I found it an amazing product and more than that, just loved the easy support you have on their site with dozens of how tos videos. I also sent an email to Michael to make the 2nd door chime, he replied it by himself with the instructions. Good job !So, I really recommend you buy this.::Luis Claudio Albero "Luis Albero"::5.0::August 5, 2013
R1HT17GMQ8J2U8::A smart Investment::This is a great home security system for the money. If you don't want to spend hundreds of dollars with an alarm company then this is the way to go. No contract and no monthly fees. You are not limited to just what comes with the system either. I was able to get a few extra sensors that synced right up in literally 30 seconds. The customer service is great too. I had a question with setup, called the support number and he walked me through it. Great customer service like this is hard to find nowadays.::Health Fit Supplements::5.0::July 18, 2013
R1UDUFT8O3H2B9::The Best::Don't bother with any other setup.The owner of the company answers the phone.The system is already configured and ready to hang when you get it.YouTube videos are available for help setting up.Perfect!::Joseph Stanker::5.0::October 3, 2013
RG1T55UWZYAJ0::Great alarm and even greater seller!::After several break-ins in our neighborhood I began researching DIY alarm systems here on Amazon and the internet.  We used an alarm company in our previous house, but didn't want to pay somebody for doing basically nothing except calling when we had a false alarm.  Our previous system was falsing so often that we'd usually turn it off to spare us the calls.  The alarm company came out several times but couldn't figure out why.  Why were we paying these guys again?  This unit does everything and more that our paid service did, but we don't have to pay anybody to call us!  Really easy to install and works great like all the other reviewers report.  I have to think alarm services must be nervous with technology making it so easy to install these DIY systems.  There really is no reason to go with a paid service anymore in my opinion.Like many other reviewers, what's almost more impressive than the alarm is the customer service!  Michael at Fortress helped me through several emails and chats to select the alarm system that would be best for me.  It's obvious that he takes his business very seriously and really seems to enjoy doing a good job.  A very rare quality these days!::JamesTK::5.0::March 22, 2013
RHQDAE2QZZMC1::Great home security for an economical price::My home was recently burglarized and looking for a security system and one of my colleague referred to this. Based on other reviews I bought one. I was little worried how I can configure when others said the manual was not well written, to my surprise all the wireless detectors were pre-configured, so I all had to do was stick it in the right place. The two sirens are extremely load and it really hurts your ears. Warning don't have your kids near when you configure, my son got really scared.One of the detectors was malfunctioning and Mike was courteous enough to tell me that he will send me a replacement one. And talking about Mike, he is one of the professional sellers that I have come across, very customer focused and very prompt in replying to email questions. I've ordered 3 more detectors for extra windows at my home. Hope it reaches soon.Hope this review helps someone.Pradeep::Bob Snapp::5.0::March 19, 2013
R2MVHKPZ5COMW7::after about 2 months of use::This works very well and is exactly what I wanted.  I did NOT want to pay monthly monitoring, I just wanted something to let an intruder know that they have not entered my home unnoticed.  I figure that if I am home and the alarm goes off, the alarm co and police will be too slow to help my situation - Ie, it is up to me at that point.  If I am away, the alarm WILL call me and then I can call the police....almost as good as an alarm co.  The system is very easy to set up - all sensors are pre-programmed.  If you want to change the programming of one of the sensors it gets a bit complicated figuring out how to do it.  Don't waste your time reading the manual (it is not very good); however they have a great series of 4-5 minute videos on how to change these settings (and describe other functions)  on their website.  I created my own bullet point list from that as to how to change the settings and operate the system.::William E. Platt::5.0::November 19, 2013
R221YD7TFNSM5A::Solid Alarm::This is a very good full function alarm system for the cost.  It comes with good instructions and a pretty good manual.  The installation is extremely easy.  All of my sensors came pre-programmed and ready to mount.  Despite what some of the other reviews say, the adhesive on the sensors is quite good.  The piezo siren is extremely loud and will have no problem deterring thieves, the outdoor siren is slightly delayed when arming and disarming because it is wireless.  The panic button is also a great addition.  I mounted mine just above the bed.  The control unit tells you via LED display which sensor has been triggered, if any.I also purchased two Dropcams (AWESOME) which allow me to visually monitor (with two way audio) the house from my phone.  If my alarm goes off, I get a call.  I can then log in to my cams on my phone to see if my weimaraner kicked in a door, or if it's a valid alarm.With the alarm, the cams, a dog, a couple baseball bats, and a couple pistols we are safe.::KvnK::4.0::September 12, 2013
RUZU202GIKPDQ::Easy to set up / dual sided tape doesn't work in the hot sun::The alarm was easy to set up and works fine.  The only problem we have had is that the double sided tape on the sensors fails when it gets hot.  We put window sensors in each window and on each door.  The sensors on one side of the building have all fallen off.  In the late afternoon, that side of the building gets very hot.  The tape would not hold.  I am still trying to figure out a better way to attach the sensors to the vinyl windows.::Charlie::3.0::September 4, 2013
R2ESNKLJIXFFGR::Major design flaw::BEWARE. The on/off switch on the side will turn the alarm off, even if the alarm has been triggered and sounding. This makes the keypad/password nothing more than an annoyance for the user as an intruder can just go the the off switch.I only give it the second star because for me the design flaw is not a problem, because of the way I use this system.::DH in NC::2.0::February 26, 2014
RBB58II7RNSTV::Works Flawlessly and Gives a Real Sense of Security::We use this system every night and every time we leave the house.  It works flawlessly and really adds immensely to your sense of security.  It came pre-programmed which made set up extremely easy (only about 2 hours).  Although the units that come with it are sufficient for almost any house, I got several additional contact sensors that I programmed with ease, including a glass breakage sensor for our picture window.  Customer support is tremendous if you have any questions.  One hint...if you have pets, use the "at home" setting rather than the "away" setting to avoid the motion detectors from going off.  All the "entry" contacts are still active, so the house is really just as secure if you have the automatic phone alert to you set up.  When we went away on a prolonged vacation, our pets were with others and we used the "away" setting.::Sojae::5.0::November 20, 2013
R3TZS46NICUMW1::Excellent system at any price!::The system was super easy to set up!  Caution:  Leave the speaker disconnected while setting up!  It is very powerful and startling!  Will definately get attention!  There is virtually no programming!  I had to program to dial out - simple steps!  Watch the videos on their website and it leaves no questions unanswered!  Had my whole home protected in minutes!  I am recommending to all my friends and family.The keychain remotes are great to have!  The range on them is fantastic!  The range on the whole system is fantastic!  Thanks!  I feel a bit more secure with this system!::Spirithdmc::5.0::October 14, 2013
R2EXTR8L38BEXQ::Good value for the price::The setup is relatively easy except the manual could use some improvement.  The illustrations regarding the door/window sensor is inaccurate.  For a while, I couldn't understand why the sensor wasn't being tripped during testing.  It wasn't until I opened up the casing that I discovered that the magnet sensor is actually on the opposite side than the one indicated in the manual.  Also, the "home" setting isn't as useful as I'd hoped because there were times I forgot I had it on and tripped the alarm.  So I tend to only turn on the "home" setting late in the evening when I know I won't be opening any doors.I was pleased to find that the control panel has a battery backup.  The sirens are quite loud; the neighborhood dogs did not appreciate me testing them out.  The motion sensors are very sensitive.  Nothing will escape their field of view.::BWG::4.0::July 19, 2013
R1PHOC1A1T88C8::Awesome::I installed the alarm in about an hour. Many thanks to the shipper for pre programming all of the sensors so all I had to do was place the sensors where I wanted and change the default code. For the price the features and ease of use are better than I expected! Also the siren is LOUD. I would definatelly recommend this system to anyone who wants an affordable security system with higher priced quality. (The instructions are not very helpful but having everything pre programmed for me made installation a quick experience.)::movie lover "john"::5.0::February 26, 2013
R38QGEYN2G3WEY::Could not get the system to work, could not get seller to call me back.::I really thought I would love this system! All I wanted was a system with ten sensors, a keypad, a chime, a delay, and that is all. This should have been perfect. The problem is the system disarms itself a few seconds after I arm it. Every time. I read all the reviews and expected this stellar customer service. I left a message with the phone number on the sheet in the box. I never got a call back. Ultimately, I contacted Amazon about my inability to reach the seller and they just refunded me NQA. I really wanted the system to work, but it didn't. I'm a real customer. I really bought it. It really didn't work. Maybe had the seller returned my call, he could have helped me. Instead, I got a different system that doesn't do everything I wanted but at least stays armed.::Kindle Customer::2.0::March 15, 2014
R3ADYSJR6OPFI4::Fortress Security System::I was amazed at how easy the system was to install. I would recommend you look at the videos before you install and the manual will hardly be needed. The hardest part of installing the system was getting the paper off the glue-on surface. It is truly an excellent system and a product I would recommend.::incourt::5.0::February 1, 2014
R3BF9SHR4VZTDD::Good enough for my purposes.::It works as it should so far.  Light duty construction but it is just an alarm.  I bought this as a cheap way to lower my home owner insurance premiums without a monthly bill.  Hopefully it will last for a long time.  Time will tell.It does have a lot of features and you can add doo dads if you want to but you have to decide how carried away you want to go.The set-up instructions and videos take some getting used to.  It took me several hours to install and program.  I had to call the seller for information twice but received fast, accurate information.  The customer that said he set his up in an hour must be a professional installer or a 12 year old tech geek.::bkkrdd::4.0::December 11, 2013
RHLL0T9W9OV2U::easy install and operate::simple to install and use. One of the door sensors needed reset via keypad.My only issue is the wireless siren should be battery powered.::Martin L Baroni::4.0::November 26, 2013
R3NL5MGLTVY4S2::Wonderful system for those that do not want to be tied to $40/month with adt or whatever::Used this on my 2k sq ft 4 bed house. I have only three entrances including my garage. I set it up so that it will call me if somebody moves inside the house  when I am away. To be honest, the window sensors are probably useless since somebody would most likely just break in, but using them on doors is good since if they bust the door down it will go off. I hooked one door sensor up to my garage door so that it chimes if it opens, and another motion sensor in there in case somebody forgets to close it. I love the system. It's fairly basic, but if you're clever with positioning motion sensors it works fantastic. The fact that it's all wireless is simply beautiful!::nate::5.0::November 4, 2013
R1T0JDVBYMYSS::Awesome product!!!!::Customer service is amazing and quick. Took me about an hour to install after I read the literature. Works better than I anticipated. Love it!!! By the way, the sirens are loud as hell. What a great product!!!Thanks Fortress Security Store!!!::Adam A.::5.0::September 19, 2013
RB11L7FN30IZZ::Very Satisfied with Product and Mike's support::We ordered this Fortress system for the convenience of installation in a very remote area.  We purchased the cell phone chip in our town and installed it in the automatic telephone dialer.  Because of our lack of IT savy, we bugged Mike to get it set up and fine tuned.  He was responsive and understanding and patient and very helpful.  The system works as it should.  We have had four people respond to the one instance of the alarm going off (which was a false alarm caused by a neighbor) and they did so in a very timely fashion.  The system worked as it should!!!!  We are happy.  We do note two areas that are frustrating.  The sticky strips that are supposed to keep the sensors on the windows came off the vinyl windows and we had to tape them.  Second thing was the secondary keypad.  It will only respond to the primary four number code and not to the secondary numbers.  As our main system is inside the house and the secondary keypads are by the entry doors, this means all persons that will enter have access to the primary code.  And we would buy it again.::Jeannie::4.0::August 12, 2013
R2T2PCVQKCQQPM::Excellent value and support::I spent quite a bit of time researching home security systems.  I did not want to be paying a monthly fee for monitoring.  The Fortress systems received good reviews, and appeared to be a good value for the cost.  I was not disappointed with the system when it arrived.  It had been pre-coded by the company.  It worked as advertised.  I had one minor issue regarding documentation that Mike in support cleared up immediately.  The product only came with a one-page quick-start guide, which I had no problem following, and was all I needed to get the system up quickly.  The full manual is on the company website.  The company, product and support are all excellent!::AW::5.0::July 20, 2013
R27VYDQI0TDODC::Love it, Love it, Love it!!!::I ordered the system after getting a price for installation and monitoring. They wanted $129.00 install fee in addition to requiring 36 months monitoring at $35.99 per month.With this system, I got an additional siren, remote, motion detector and 6 window/door sensors with no monthly monitoring fee.I wanted to completely understand the system and probably drove Mike crazy with some of my questions, but he was always willing to help. Thank you, Mike.I highly recommend this system!::ldm625::5.0::July 16, 2013
R2BY79YF8I0WOM::Better then I thought!!!::I did originally have problems with this unit however after speaking to the owner of the company I can assure all that this is a great product. Not only that they will now give their customer service phone number and email address to assist you, Also they will be making a how to video on how to use and install there security system. there phone Number is # 1(253) 468-0196 there email address is [...] additional stickers and a better manual will be provided on future units, according to what the owner told me. All in all this system does work and is great for rental apartments and homes. As you need not worry about knocking down walls to install.::Raymond::5.0::April 22, 2013
R3U06KZJALOMK5::Looking for a decent (REALLY GOOD ACTUALLY) Home Security System at this price point? Then look no further.::Well I could make this an extremely long review, but Ill keep it as short as possible. First off, I purchased this system based on all of the other 5 Star reviews. I checked out other systems at the Big Box stores, and for the money there is no way you will beat this system.First off I was very surprised by build quality.yes everything is plastic, but none of it is the falling apart junk you normally get with cheap electronics, the plastics are solid, thick and well sealed.Second, very nicely packaged. I dont see how it could get damaged in shipping the way they packed it. The only thing short of a pro system when it comes to packing is the hard case, it comes in a thick box. I was really impressed by the packaging to be honest, not used to ordering inexpensive electronics and getting it packed this well.Third, I have been working on Computers and Electronics for nearly 35 years, knowing if it even halfway worked I could figure it out but I also like reading instructions first. Assuming that it would be the standard Chinglish, I almost didnt even bother. NOPE, well written detailed instructions. It is a basic setup instruction, but minus the wireless, the magnetic triggering for the different zones has been pretty much standard for the last 35 years.  Looking through the instructions I came up on the URL and watched all of the youtube videos. It only takes a few minutes and will definitely make your setup a whole lot easier. Not to mention the seller not only gives you the options for Customer Service, but his email address and phone number and notes you may even get him on the phone.Fourth. Setup was super easy. This is pre-configured right out of the box. Follow the video for changing the pass code, took me about 20 seconds. Setting up phone numbers was also super easy. There are enough sensors that I was able to cover every window and door access point in my house and even my basement door and had one left over. After installing everything, and testing, EVERYTHING worked.There is just no two ways about it. Ease of setup, everything works, simple installation. Took me all of 30 minutes.The indoor siren is very loud, but in a room with a closed door not that loud. Since it is plugged into the base, I would say keep it where it can be near you to wake you (At home option allows you to keep all access points secure while turning everything else off so your not walking around setting off the alarm) or in the living room to scare the crap out of would be intruders and thieves. And it will scare, startle them. Ask my wife and dog.Couple of things. On the outdoor siren it requires it to be plugged in. That is a simple fix if you do not have any outdoor plugs or in an area where the siren would do any good but if you have a light. The fix is in these links.http://www.amazon.com/Leviton-1403-Outlet-Socket-Adapter/dp/B001F71O70/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1393483786&sr;=8-2&keywords;=Light+plug+adapterhttp://www.amazon.com/Leviton-125-2-Pole-2-Wire-Adapter/dp/B001PCVTFC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1393483786&sr;=8-1&keywords;=Light+plug+adapterAlso, I use an Ooma Telo. It goes through  my wireless router. Since I was not sure if the phone option would work splitting and routing through the Ooma, you may want to buy one of the 2 or 3 way phone splitters from a local store (They arent but 3 or 4 dollars) and run it from your router, to the splitter and directly to the phone. Also keep in mind there is the option, if you do use an Ooma to run it so all of your phone outlets are active, and you can run it like that, which I am considering doing myself, then hiding the Ooma and the console for the security system. The seller even notes that you may want to use (Purchase) a splitter, that is definitely the easy way to do it.Between this system and my 3 (2 Indoor and 1 outdoor) Night visions cameras, this is an excellent system (Even without the night vision cameras it would be an excellent system)I can only give it 5 Stars, it deserved 10.::TankerHC::5.0::February 26, 2014
R8KPV3EF7AVD2::Easy to install and operate.::Easy to install and operate. The videos about every aspect of the product are excellent and easy to find on the website. I decided to start the installation in the late afternoon and a short time later I was done, well before dinner time. So I would highly recommend this product.::Linda Earle::5.0::February 7, 2014
R1SZVAGJFZILWZ::great::I didn't even have to call the company to set this up . It is very basic just fallow the instructional video . That was more then enough info . I love this thing . I can use my phone to re set it . If out of town , I have it connected to the police my cell some other people .It is pretty loud as well . I wish I was a little more loud .::Jordan szymanskii::5.0::February 2, 2014
R3B755XLLBF7D8::Incredible::This system is ten times what I had hoped for.  For the people that rated it low because they can't get it in...all that I can say is that you are all morons.  I had my S02B up and operating in about 3 hours.  I did call for technical support and got the owner of the company.  He answered my question promptly and courteously.  I had just tried one of the other most popular companies that monitor your system for a monthly fee.  The equipment that the tech brought was trash. After his fourth trip I sent everything back.  The  sensors didn't work out of the box....what a joke.The Fortress system has worked wonderfully for a fraction of the cost.  I highly recommend this system to anyone wanting home security.::JB::5.0::February 2, 2014
R3E2O059G62Q0L::Doesn't get any better/easier::I've owned this security system for a little over 6 months now, and couldn't be happier with it.  I waited until my family and I had a chance to put this thing through its paces until giving a review, as I feel too often people just throw out reviews right after opening the box, or after they couldn't figure something out and are looking for something/someone to blame, when in most instances it is probably their own misunderstanding.  With that being said I don't see how a security system could be anymore economical.  My wife and I had shopped around all the major "security stores", ADT, Brinks, and the like only to find outrageous prices and a possible messy/costly installation, not to mention the monthly fees.  After questioning one company as to why the ridiculous prices we were told "your basically paying for the sign in the yard."  After finding and buying the Fortress we were blown away at how much we got for the price, not to mention the 1st rate customer service and quality.  I installed and programmed this system throughout our entire home, and detached garage in about 2 hours.  It was one of those things  where when your finished in the back of your mind you are wondering what you did wrong because there is no way it should have been that easy.  The sensors all come pre-programmed, so its basically stick and play,  Adding additional sensors, programming the call feature, siren time, etc are all a breeze as well.  I will offer this bit of advice: immediately after opening the box, throw away the instructions, as they are obviously written by someone without a firm grasp of the English language, and you will be pulling your hair out trying to read them.  Instead head over to fortresssecuritystore.com and there you will find simple, easy to understand step by step videos, as well as a well detailed instruction manual.  We had one issue with the main panel going bad about 3 months in, I called the customer care line, and could not believe it when the # was actually the owner of the companies cell phone!  Try that with ADT!  It was on a Sunday evening, and explained my issue, and by Tuesday afternoon, I had a new panel at my front door, no charge whatsoever.  In this day in age, you can't put a price-tag on service like that.  This system does everything we need it to do. Its simple to use, reliable, and economical with no monthly fees.  I would highly recommend this system to anyone, and if your on the fence, I encourage you to pull the trigger on a Fortress!::Richard "Rick"::5.0::February 2, 2014
RVUMGQGDPW8EI::I love this system.::This is my 1st alarm system.  It was pretty easy for my husband to install, the videos helped a lot, and the owner was easy to reach by phone for questions.  When I had a problem, he replaced my main unit quickly to resolve it, so I'm impressed with their customer service!  Now that it's up and running, I love how quickly I get notified when a door is opened while the system is armed -- an experience I've had a few times now (from me forgetting to disarm it before I went inside :-])  The notification call rolls over to my husband's phone if I don't respond, then to a neighbor's if he doesn't.  So we have a chance to check on whether there's truly a problem, before notifying authorities.  I prefer that, since it's more likely to be a false alarm at this stage, while we're getting used to it.  One was caused by the motion detectors when our dog was alone inside the house, for example.  We haven't installed the sirens yet, but the cell phone notification alone is great.  I'd recommend this for folks who'd like to save money by installing and monitoring a system yourself.::Judy in Nashville::5.0::January 14, 2014
RU1771VFDPUG4::Perfect alarm without running wires.::Really nice alarm set, extremely easy to set-up, wireless range is great even while having to go through block walls.Outdoor siren is very loud, even mounted in a enclosed garage you can hear it 400 feet away, even the indoor one is pretty loud.This has so many features that I won't use. Perfect for $200.::brokenwave::5.0::December 6, 2013
R196CGOBZQIC1S::Inexpensive alarm system::The system arrived in just 1 day even though we used 2 day PRIME, a nice surprise. System is preset and very easy to install.I have had two sensors fall from doors because double stick tape did not hold but I reinstalled them and they have held. The instruction book is not too detailed but there are videos posted at their website that help. So far I have it call may cell in case of an alarm and I have not set outside siren yet just to ensure "false" alarms don't scare neighbors but there been no 'false" alarms . I feel this is an inexpensive way to go if you don't want monitored name brand alarm systems. This along with yard signs and window stickers (sold on Amazon) may be enough to deter small time crooks.I will try to update this later.2/9/2014I have not had any problems with unit although I just have it calling my cell phone should it go off. I then would contact police for a home check. I did have the remote in my pocket and the protective cover must have slid open and then the panic button got mashed by something in my pocket.I still like it.::Mary B "Mary B"::4.0::November 25, 2013
RBOQ97K0399BO::wish I installed it before I got robbed::Easy to install and works good. I have a block building, a detached stuccoed garage, and a lean-to, all being protected wirelesslyIf I didn't have to install a 120volt plug for the out door siren, it would have taken me about 30 minutes to install everything. The only thing that could be improved is that the wires for the power supplies and siren should be adaptable so that they could be made as long or as short as needed. Other than that, it is perfect.::David Paretti::5.0::November 9, 2013
R3OD5RB6T61MTD::High Quality Product w/ Outstanding Installation Support!::My husband and I, both nearly 80 years old installed the Fortress SO2-B security in our home and are extremely pleased with the results!.  Each part of the system seems to be very well engineered and fits together perfectly.  It is a very simple concept and is exactly what we were looking for.  Accompanying the parts was a link to an online illustrated video which made the installation very simple to understand and follow.  By far the most valuable help with this project, however, was the help of Mike, who was available in Technical Support every day and very patiently "walked" us through each step.  The system seems to be an extremely practical and reasonably priced way for homeowners to protect their property from intruders.::John Miller::5.0::October 22, 2013
R6PVDXACE7URA::Smooth Installation::Fine about this system is that the sensors and sirens came already pre-programmed.So after installing all the hardware, very little programming was needed.I'm quite satisfied with this system.::Joao::5.0::September 11, 2013
R2SJX7FX2OSS3U::Fortress system::This product is easy to install...easy to program additional components ..... customer support by phone is very good, e-mail are slow.::Rick::5.0::August 12, 2013
R3LMC3RXU8PQ7X::Very good::Very good system. Not the clearest instruction manual on line  Does have various settings for home use. You can set your own call list.::Jerry Mikkleson::4.0::August 10, 2013
R1OFMZFWXEVD92::Fortress S02-B Wireless Home Security Alarm System::Excellent in quality, ease of installation, and operation. I highly recommend it others.  The ability to call you directly on your cell phone is a great feature and if desired it will call a security company of your choice for 24/7  monitoring::Barnes Beasley::5.0::July 27, 2013
R3T62J5NKWRM77::Good product.::Product has worked very well. I initially forgot to wait 30 seconds before testing the motion detector and one of them didn't work.  After writing my review, I got a call from the company asking me to describe the problem and test it with him on the line.  It worked.  I am impressed.  Thank you very much.  The instruction about waiting 30 seconds is not in the manual, it is in the enclosed page.  Thanks for including the latter.::Clubis::5.0::July 3, 2013
R3RV7GL8X9QLVS::Best wireless security system so far for me::S02-B system.  This is BY FAR the best, economically-priced,  home wireless security system I ever bought.  All the previous ones had problems with reception, false alarms,  main panels that went haywire after a while, hours of time configuring each device and drilling holes for each device.  I cannot find anything wrong with this system.  It picks up my door and motion sensors in a distant garage from the main panel without me even having to extend the antenna wire on them.  Best of all each wireless device is already hooked up to the main panel and use back tape so no drilling of holes (except the motion sensors).  I spent over 400 bucks at radio shack getting the same stuff that was far inferior to this package and didn't last long.  The only real "work" I had to do was test each sensor by putting the panel in ARMED mode, then individually opening each window or door to verify it works.  You can also buy this unit directly from Fortress Security, but I love Amazon's customer service for any problems with purchased products.::Michael Vitale "AmazonRocks!"::5.0::June 23, 2013
R18N1DBK47KTKU::Intermittent false alarms::Installation was very easy.  After just a few weeks of use I started to get false alarms.  Sometimes the alarm would go off immediately after leaving the house, and other times it would not activate when purposely attempting to active it.  Roughly once every 10 times I opened a door I would not get a chime noise.  An alarm system needs to be 100% reliable, and this system is not.::Frank Ent "frankeyboy"::1.0::June 18, 2013
RRVMKP6TREN9R::Cheap option for home security but don't count on phone working::Very good cheap home security option for your house. Only problem is the whole dialing out or calling in part (really anything to do with the phone line) won't work. I have tried to have it dial out when alarm goes off or myself calling into the unit to remote control it and it just flat doesn't work. The unit never hangs up the phone line after and so my line is constantly getting a phone off the hook noise as my unit isn't hanging up the phone line. I've tried resetting and unplugging it multiple times but it didn't reset it. I only figured this out after I had programmed and set everything up and so haven't asked for a replacement unit or refund cause I already did a lot of work programming zones and setting everything up and didn't want to pack it all up and undo all my hard work. Still works fine but unable to call out when activated or call in to monitor due to bad phone port.::Chuck Roberts::3.0::December 30, 2013
R2HWYL2J0EHTOB::IT'S SIMPLE AND IT WORKS::Installed the system in reasonably short period of time and it works perfectly.  Directions could be succinctly summarized on one page which would be a great idea.  Panic button makes my wife feel better when I am travelling.  Outside remote siren is loud and would attract wanted attention if required; interior siren would chase anyone off....all sensors are pre-programmed to the controller, so all that is required is to plug it in and stick the sensors where you want them.  We opted to not install the motion detectors, as the window and door sensors would notify of any unauthorized entry and we have pets which would surely set the detectors off at some time or another.Highly recommend this system.  < $200. for the SO2-B is a bargain, and $ well spent.  IT WORKS!::notBS "bill"::5.0::May 1, 2013
R3RQDF6GRRO41::Thought reviews were too good to be true....::I read all the reviews about the fortress product and how Mike answered each call personally.  I honestly thought that these reviews were written by company ghost writers.  STILL, it is unusual to NOT SEE one complaint.  Because of the reviews I decided to buy, I figured use a credit card for security and I could always get my money back.What a surprise, the reviews were accurate.  The company CEO does include his personal phone number, and does call back.  He helped me to make some adjustments, but what was really shocking was that the only time I could call back would have been a Sunday evening.  No problems.  He was there when I called and had me up and running in less then 5 minutes.Kudos to the reviewer that took the time to give detailed instructions and recommending the download manual.  You were also a big help.Although I only had the system for a week, I haven't had any problems.  I will write again in about 3 months.  Excellent product for the price.  GREAT ...  no EXCELLENT customer service and TRUE PROVESSIONALISM.  I know the "P" company has the same basic product, but by looking at the reviews "Fortress" backs up its service to the extreme.Keep up the good work Mike and Fortress.  I will definitely tell my friends about you.::Michael A. Jasik::5.0::June 11, 2013
R28PTMMPBN1EEM::perfect for me::Good number of door and window security,  I had one left over. Easy to install,  works very well. Is quite loud, so when you test it the first time, be prepared to have your ears ring for a while. Worked the first time for me, right out of the box. I like having the panic button  and three key fobs, too. The motion sensor works very well, too.::Ladybassmaster::5.0::May 31, 2014
RX4X2ZQEJ01GN::Absolutely great!::This alarm system is exactly what I wanted and exactly what the manufacturer said it was.  It came all pre-programed.  I just stuck each sensor on the windows and doors I wanted them on. Installed the motion detectors where I wanted and it all worked right away.  This unit calls phone numbers when activated.  Programming them was easy.  I am a GOV'T employee living in Europe and wasn't sure the phone number would load.  But there seems to be plenty of digits to load the long phone numbers here.  It works great.  Also since the power is 110/220 that isn't an issue either.  Because the sensors go on with double stick tape, it will leave with me.  making this a great investment.  The online instructional videos are also so easy to understand.  This was a great buy!::BrianM::5.0::May 28, 2014
RZ6ZS8HD6XFRU::works perfect.::works just as advertised.  love having my spot protected without a monthly fee.  i would recommend them to anyone looking for a security system.::mr c::5.0::May 17, 2014
R14PY5R2SW9NR1::Great Security::Very please with this purchase. I have had several questions and they have been very helpful and supportive. Love it!::Kitty H.::5.0::May 13, 2014
R36DROB7C9SI7U::Fortress wireless security system::I like this system, easy to set up,lots of sensors included,I also liked the website they have,any problems setting up and they have a bunch of videos to watch::Jay::4.0::April 24, 2014
R15JJ95FBBV3MG::This is a no brainer::I researched home security systems for over a week before I decided on this system.  The reviews were certainly helpful but the concept and design of this system is what sold me.  It's bad enough being robbed by burglars, but why be robbed twice?  What I mean is why spend more than you need to for the same level of security?I didn't see any sense in going with a system that required a monthly fee for my home to be monitored by strangers hunched over in a cubicle in who knows where when I could buy this system and have it call my kids, my neighbors, my friends and me.  These are all people I trust to do the same thing the kid in the cubicle who's probably playing games on his smart phone is supposed to do.  I'm pretty sure I imagine I'll get better response time in the event of a break-in, but it gets even better.The technology under this system is impressive and I'm hard to impress.  So far the customer service has been equally impressive.  I emailed a simple question and not only got a rapid and complete response but a lot of other tips that I might not have considered for weeks, if ever.Don't leave your security in the hands of strangers. Save a boatload of money with this outfit, you won't be sorry and you'll feel more secure.Like I told Ben at Customer Service, my only complaint about my system is it's too flexible.::Christopher R. Johnson::5.0::April 16, 2014
R2VMSOF91QKJNT::Great Unit::Love it.  Has nice programming.  Auto call function works nicely.  Easy to use.  Easy to program.  Loud siren inside and outside is great deterrent.  Lots of plastic parts and unit is manufactured inexpensively, but everything works perfectly.  I wouldn't keep the remotes in pockets cause they probably wouldn't last long.  I would purchase again and I hightly recommend.::Larry T. Mach::5.0::April 15, 2014
R26F6IUTNSFFM4::The best deal for peace of mind.::After several break-ins in our usually quiet neighborhood we decided to get an alarm system to replace our 40 year old non working wired system. We considered contracting for a "monitored" commercially installed system, but it cost an arm and a leg, and probably is no more of a deterrent than self installed systems. The Fortress was, after viewing the many instructional videos on the Fortress website, fairy easy to set up and install, about half a day in all. One door switch was defective and after a call to Fortress, (which was answered immediately) they sent a replacement. Everything is included in the do-it-yourself kit, from screws to batteries. The best part is "no wires" needed. I have tested the door switches and motion detectors and they set off the alarm immediately when triggered. The outside alarm siren is LOUD and can be heard all over the neighborhood.  Now when we leave we set the alarm and have peace of mind. We also set it for "home" at night.::Amazon Customer::5.0::April 15, 2014
R33PZ0YUTNS2FC::Fantastic System::Great system. Ten times better than the one i had. So easy to install and everything was programmed at the factory.::Bill::5.0::March 27, 2014
R822VS1ES4TLR::pretty good for what you pay for it::Ok I just installed this and I'm happy with it so far but a few things to consider the two sirens that come with it the connection cables are so short its hard to figure out where to put them and the black horn isn't as loud as I thought it would be and the smaller one that connects to the main system seems really loud so I would suggest buying longer cables and the alarm keys that come with it feel cheap but they do work well and I've tested every part of the system to see how it works and let me tell you it does I have motion censors in the garage and foyer and basement and I armed it to away and I cracked the back garage door as soon as I walked in the siren went off so I'm very pleased and will be working in peace at night knowing my family are safe.::Jma817::4.0::February 24, 2014
R30VIAZLXQ9ERX::SUPURB!!!!::This is one of the BEST deals I think I've ever purchased!!!!!  It was very easy to install, works wonderfully, and priced amazingly!!!::Regina Karopchinsky::5.0::February 24, 2014
R37XH7RQY7AIH3::Work great::Alarm system works great.  I had one motion detector start arlarming without any motion but, one short email to Fortress and they sent me a new detector with no questions asked. Excellent service.::Carey R Hestand::5.0::February 17, 2014
R19YAVIYRVYVT5::to whom it may concern on the Amazon review board::we absolutely love this item it gives us peace of mind security and we go to bed now and get a good nights sleep without having to worry about anybody break in and without us not know yet thank you very very much I'm going to order more window and or alarms in the future thank you. Bjwolf::Jody O.::5.0::February 13, 2014
R2ULLCPBIKNFIO::It is really good.::It is really good and doing everything that I wanted also came with everything that it needed to make it work.::Kaushal::4.0::January 31, 2014
RVDC5SKKRWUGY::I am very impressed::I read all the reviews ... and still did not have too high an expectation for the $200 price.  WOW, this works great.  Period.  Scary loud indoor siren - just what I wanted.  I am saving the outdoor horn until I get used to this thing so I don't scare the neighbors!Support was just as everyone says ... one part did not function, Mike answered my email on a Sunday, and shipped the replacement on Monday!::James R.::5.0::January 27, 2014
R3E5RM9VAP0GQV::Legitimate replacement for hard wired feemonitored sys::Pro:  I think I received a newer version of the manual that is better than some earlier versions that other reviewers seem to have berated.  It reads in excellent English and covers everything as far as I can tell.  I didn't need to go to the on line videos though I briefly checked out one before I got the system.  The one video I saw was excellent.So-So: The motion detectors came with heavy duty batteries which I replaced with alkaline.  Short leads on the terminals made the already hard to snap on terminals a pain (literally,as I didn't want to use pliers)) but could be the battery mfg fault.  Can live with it.Pro:  Response of wireless was great for me.  I have a log house with big laminated beams and the transmissions went thru everything.  Remotes worked great 25ft from house through 6 inch logs.  This is with antennas at minimum (no extension).  Antennas on the remote FOBs could easily break off I would think in a purse or pocket if extended but don't see a need to extend them.Pro:  Motion detectors worked in range and peripheral sight to suit everything I needed. (average sized spaces)Pro:  Support is as good as everyone raves about.  I called and e-mailed about a couple things and response was quick and patient.Pro:  Stuff doesn't seem cheaply made to me except on-off switches on every unit  do seem awfully light duty, will baby them.  Would prefer not to have old style antennas but they probably will be ok and probably a necessary evil since reception is everything with wireless.  Once mounted, the wall unit antenna extensions actually give me a sense of better reception, though not needed so far in my opinion,  maybe with older batteries it may be more important.Pro:  Phone thing works great, and easy to set up  Only a 10 sec message but I think that is because the designers decided to ensure as many of the calls that could go out would go out in the shortest amount of time.  I would have preferred fewer calls but a little longer message option.So, it calls up to six numbers in sequence, delivering the same 10 second message before hanging up and calling the next.  My test got the first call out in about 15 secs and the next immediately after the next 10 secs playback.  (landline to cell phone)  Altogether then I would expect it to get 6 calls out in 70 secs?Pro:  Cut landline alarm pays for the whole thing in my opinion.Pro:  Easy to add devices later.  I bought a 4th motion sensor and except for a minor question figured out how to add it to the already preprogrammed suite of the original kit.  Couldn't get through to my brain the ZONE and ZONE TYPE distinctions.  ZONE TYPE should probably be redefined as DEVICE TIME DELAY or CHARACTERISTIC or something; otherwise I stumbled on that part.  I just refuse to spend more than 1 minute reading any instruction.P.S.  Shouldn't really be part of this review but I also bought a 2nd remote keypad so that I could hide the main panel.  Things not going too well with getting up to speed on that thing.. Instructions are not anywhere as good as this SO2B new manual and I've gone into my Red Green mode with installing it.  I'll eventually figure it out.  Fortress has gotten back to me very nicely on two occasions on this and thought I had it going but I am just not doing something right. We'll get there if I slow down and listen.  Remote FOBs probably preclude the need for the 2nd keypad anyway.Anyway, this system is well worth the money.  NO MORE MONITORING FEES.God Bless everyone.::frankinwash::5.0::January 23, 2014
RNGHPX33X3MFV::Good class system for the money::I gave this system all stars because it was a good price. The quality was as stated. There are good instructions with youtube video that show you how to hook up everything step by step. My 13 year old son and I set up everything in about an hour. Good system for the money.  Watch out that your not next to the horn when you try it out first time. Yoowza!::wolverly46::5.0::January 20, 2014
R1RA2GMYSYINSE::Simple install for peace of mind::Installed this system in my daughter's new house. I had no issues during the install but I strongly recommend watching the videos on the seller's website for very clear explanations.  The included manual leaves a bit to be desired.  Overall both my daughter and I are pleased with the system.  It gives us both peace of mind.  For that, the system is priceless.::Half Life::5.0::January 20, 2014
R32VIGZHLAH5VB::great system::I am replacing my existing system with the Fortress S02 and it was easy to install, programming was a little difficult because the manual that comes with the unit is outdated. On the Fortress website you can download the new user manual as well as watch short video clips on how to program the unit....the telephone customer service was very polite and extremely helpful and that is something you do not find with many companies anymore ....thank you Nathanial, I hope I spelled your name correctlyGreat company and product will be a returning customer to replace or expand my S02 unit when needed, thanks again for your eagerness to assist!::Daniel Lee Schmidt::5.0::January 16, 2014
RY5RKL3NXTYHH::I was burglarized one week ago and they got $5000 of my stuff. With this system I'm confident it won't happen again!::Installed in an hour and works just as expected! The instructions are a little confusing in a few places but overall easily figured out.  When the inside alarm and outside siren go off, cover your ears! Especially the inside alarm which sounds like a smoke detector except 100 times louder. It's so loud and shrill, if you didn't know where to locate it you wouldn't be able to tell where it's coming from. The motion detectors work perfectly as well.  If an intruder is smart enough to turn off your outside main breaker, this will still sound the inside alarm because of the battery located in the base unit. With the main power off, it won't make any phone calls.  I eliminated this problem by buying an APC UPS battery back up and plugging my modem, router, magicJack and the base unit into it. Now I can still receive a phone call despite the main breaker being turned off. Still I can't imagine and intruder proceeding with these super loud ear piercing alarms blazing away!::Paul Gray::5.0::January 16, 2014
R3J58SGNVG3GRA::good system::Very easy installation only takes 1 hour and 1 person,  and works perfect,,, i recommended this 100%, also works whit my phone line,::Luis Godoy::5.0::January 14, 2014
R29GZ9DE49O92A::great product::Installes pretty fast.  All the sensors worked and the alarm is easy o programe.  Took about two hours to install the hole system, and about another hour to figure out how to programe the auto dial function.  So far i love it.::Dave.::5.0::December 31, 2013
R32U6CPMJOKYDJ::Great product::Have had this for 1/2 year, and it installed reasonably easily.  Have called customer support several times and had good results.This system does what it is supposed to and for a very reasonable price.Excellent system, good support::as3::5.0::December 29, 2013
RG3WFJ7JJVP6T::Great System::Installed in 1-2 Hours, very loud, can call out if you have a land line. Replaced my $50/month ADT and will make plenty of noise to wake me up if there is an intruder and scare the crap out of people. Also you can buy more add on equipment if you like to make it detect Carbon Monoxide, window shatter, etc.... Very scalable and great range.::Brandon Wong::5.0::December 29, 2013
R2TUZ678G8IX1O::Awesome wireless system::null::Josh H.::5.0::December 29, 2013
R3AT4USWKVAV5T::As described, as promised, on time.::Delivered on time, as promised. Previous reviews seem accurate - excellent value, nice job by seller pre-programming. Installed in minutes after opening and reading his short letter. I'd give it 5 stars if the quality were a bit higher, but as long as your expectations are reasonable, this is a great value.::Dan Helms::4.0::December 12, 2013
R18KBG7TQLXEB2::Excellent and easy to install Security Alarm::We purchased this unit to replace a 30 year old wired system that died and we could not be happier with the Fortress system.  The installation was extremely simple and when I had a question, we got immediate service from the Fortress Customer Service.  I am very pleased with this system.  It is pretty basic, but that is what I was interested in getting.  The price makes it well worth the investment.::thomajc "thomajc"::5.0::December 9, 2013
R2ONOL5Z3XMX5P::Great System and Great price.::I love this system. This security system was very easy installation, easy to use, affordable and reliable.  Detection motion very easy and quickly. Great System, highly recommend!::Katrina Grant::4.0::December 8, 2013
RWP8EVBAWTGIP::Fortress Security store so2 B::Easy to assembly & super step by step instruction on every little thing.  12 or more picture video.  It works great.  Everything was pre-programmed to system.  Anybody can do it.::Eileen A.::5.0::November 30, 2013
R260P3GVIVLMYT::Great system for the price::The system is easy to install. If you have questions or concerns about installation, visit the Fortress website the proprietor has several step by step videos to make installation easy and painless.::Gilbert Onofre::5.0::November 27, 2013
R4PVF01HPT06V::Love it!::I can't describe accurately how easy this was to setup!We got a system with two interconnected smoke detectors, we'll add more later, and setup took less than two hours with a 2 year old trying to help. We've had a high number of break-ins for our little community. I didn't want to contract out a system, but I wanted to get it installed quickly.We'll need more items to add to the kit, but I feel safer knowing that our house will not be such an easy target. Thank you for offering such a great product at such a great price!::Jared::5.0::November 15, 2013
R1A805F2PPQCQF::Good security system::Happy with the ease of installation. I thought a little about installation sequence. I put them up in numerical order, the number is on the back of each sensor device,  because if there is an alarm the control panel shows the number of the unit that is triggering the alarm. I made a list of which sensor was on which window or door so that it will be easy to check out.Michael at Fortress was very helpful!I contacted Michael about getting extra magnets for the window sensors. (Door and window sensors are the same.) The extra magnets are so you could have a window open for ventilation and not set the alarm off. I put the second magnet about 5 inches above the closed position magnet. Just align the open window to the upper magnet and then you can arm the system. I also plan on doing the same for my window air conditioners in the summer. So if the window is forced open to remove the air conditioner to gain entry it will set of the alarm.The indoor siren would be a bit nicer if it too was wireless. The location of the alarm panel may not be the best location for the interior siren. You can add a second wireless outside siren to the system. But it is of course at extra cost.So far so good. No false alarms. There have been a number of break-ins in the last couple of years around us. My wife is definitely feeling more secure when working for the day in the studio on the lower level. I would buy again and would recommend to friends.Thanks Fortress!::RAS::5.0::November 8, 2013
R2C425PBKI5R8F::Best system for the money::This is a cheap system but it works like a charm. My greatest praise is to the seller. I made a mistake with my system and thought it was defective. I contacted him and he had a replacement unit at my door within the week. I figured out what I'd done wrong and returned it to him. Don't be scared away by this being a lower end system.It will get the job done perfectly.::B. Strickland::5.0::November 4, 2013
RHL5RSZIBX7A7::anyone can install in minutes::installed in just a few minutes. its easy to use. i sleep better knowing its there. i highly recomend it.::George Simonich::4.0::November 1, 2013
R350NSPJ87BNV::Modern, aesthetic and effective::Security and tranquility for home, the delivery was very fast. I delayed almost a month to write my opinion about this alarm because I want to know if it was Perfect and Functional, after that wow I love this product, easy to set up, I tested all functions and settings even simulating a blackout. To sleep or leave the house, the home is safe. Scheduled six numbers between cell phones and telephones... mine, my family and residential surveillance. I pretended to be an intruder and simulate, and everything works great. You can enable or disable specific areas, for example if I want to leave a window open without triggering the alarm, but the others windows will sound the siren if it try to open, the same happen with doors.  Inside Siren 110db and outside Siren 140db...LOUD, the user manual explain all that you need, so you can program according to your needs...phones, passwords, set the alarm time of siren, activation zones, record personal message heard in the telephones programmed, add accessories, the panel connects to the phone line does not use simcard.::Oscar V.::5.0::October 30, 2013
R2REGGZKEI4ABL::Security System::This system was super easy to install, It is easy to use and has all I needed to make my home secure. I would recommend this to anyone thinking of getting a home security system that they wanted to install themselves, and save some money, over having a large company do it all for you. Instructions were easy to understand.::Saphire::5.0::October 30, 2013
R19WU29IUC4H3M::We feel much safer at night::This is a great little security system that is simple toset up and use. The sirens are loud enough to scarea intruder. Also, we feel much safer at night too.::David Wallace::4.0::October 26, 2013
R2OCZBFBG6U57Z::For people who don't want a contract::I think this is a great alarm but: CON Go to the fortress website and look at the short 15 min videos to learn how everything works [...]The glue back stick on's are crappy, they won't work in direct sunlight you will have to buy some better ones or use silicon.PRO The multi features make this alarm a great buy.::Oscar::5.0::October 17, 2013
R3GXJR45RWKV7G::Watch videos first::I did have some trouble with the unit initially. It was not programmed properly when I got it. I'm pretty good with technology but the manual leaves a lot to be desired. However, this company does have great customer service. I suggest you check out their website first for the instructional videos. Those are good. [...] The system works great now!::photopro60::5.0::August 25, 2013
R3JQU06NX89OXV::Good practical system. Great value::The only negative so far is that the adhesive to mount the sensors did not hold in our Tennessee humidity.  But there are holes to allow for them to be attached with screws, which is what we later did. Video instructions were very easy to follow.  We ordered 3 additional fobs that were promptly delivered.  Alarm is piercing, which is exactly what we wanted!  We are very pleased with the system.::Amy Russell::4.0::August 12, 2013
R3S7IHQBMZ97TA::Works::Fortress S02-B Wireless Home Security Alarm System Kit with Auto DialWorks great easy to install only worry is all the batteries needed they are not cheap.::Fredy::5.0::August 8, 2013
REDAQFQM65PGV::Good system::It was easy to put in but the instructions were not good.  It has given us peace of mind.  It works well and we are very pleased with the calling feature.::jeanharrison::5.0::August 7, 2013
R1HJ215QPX5FKB::wireless security::Installation went without a problem.  The appended instructions from Fortress helped alot.  I've added on a wireless keypad.  The system works quite well.::KPF Texas "kp"::5.0::August 3, 2013
R2QHNDZCNKDT6H::great item::Fortress so2-b This is a great system for home use. Mike is great and very responsive to your phone calls. You will not be disappointed with this system, it is great  for the self use without having a monitoring company involved. But still gives u the ability to use a monitoring company. Thanks mike::jorg borowski::5.0::July 22, 2013
RPEN7D8IASE6V::great alarm system::Easy to install, easy to activate, seems to be working well. I like the wireless aspect. I wish it came with glass break detectors and I have to figure out how to hide the outside alarm. But, those are not faults of the system.::other "other"::5.0::July 16, 2013
R15U5UX08Z6T7X::Awsome system.::For the money this is the system for you. It does every thing the big companies promise, without the big monthly payments. The only thig we had trouble with, was we installed the magnets on the wrong side of the sensor.Well, my wife says I installed it on the wrong side of the sensor. However after that everthing works as advertised, It has more funtions then we need to use.All you have to do is call Mike ( customer service represenitive), And he walks you through everthing. I mean he is like cutomer service used to be! If customer service was like mike for everything life would be great. Thans mike>::Mark Gillman::5.0::July 14, 2013
R3UXTXB8XBQDAJ::Amazing product and service::Wow, couldn't of picked a better system, I set aside a whole day to install it and I finished in25 minutes. Mike was also very helpfull, personable and competent . 10 stars!!!::Gabriek::5.0::July 13, 2013
RHAQ8HFXLGHC5::Great System!!::Got this system direct from [...] Ordered it late Tuesday and had it Friday in Louisiana. The system came with a "quick start guide" which was very easy to follow. I tested all the sensors and keypads before installing which all but one window sensor worked. I called and spoke with Mike and he had it working in less than a minute. I then installed the system, phone line and all (straight talk wireless home phone), in less than 15 minutes. The alarm is very loud and everything seems to be working as advertised, I couldn't be happier with this system!!::Darryl Vaccaro::5.0::July 12, 2013
R3V3AIC7G0CSOZ::Great system.......AMAZING service.  A++++  Rating!::"We installed this system in a log cabin in a fairly remote location. The fact that it can be programmed to call our phone numbers is a huge plus, as it would take too long for police to arrive at this location. We are very pleased with this system in both it's operation and simplicity. It does what it needs to do without over-complication. We did have to contact Michael at Fortress a couple of times during installation - once by email and once by phone. He is absolutely awesome in responding and providing any customer service you may need....a very rare treat in this day and age!!! We did a "slight modification" during installation to better suit our needs.  We removed the plastic covers from the motion detectors in order to paint them to blend in better with our log walls. This process makes them much more aesthetically pleasing on log (or painted) walls. We also have a guest house that is approximately 150' from the main cabin. We installed a motion detector here as well and it makes contact perfectly with the main panel in the cabin....we were very pleased to discover it would reach that far. A huge "THANK YOU" to Michael at Fortress for being so available to your customers and so willing to help.  We appreciate you!!"::Amazon Customer::5.0::July 11, 2013
R28CM62V6JVL13::A great value in home security!::Did a lot of research and ended up with Fortress with no regrets whatsoever. This was our first home security system and it took some time to install because we put a lot of thought into where the sensors and motion detectors ought to go. (It was a little odd thinking like a thief and imagining the ways we might break in and how the system would "cover" those ways.)The only "downside" to this system is that our home insurer would not give us a significant discount because the system is not "independently monitored." This makes no sense to me since a with a monitored system, a break-in would alert them and they would call us before calling the police. With Fortress, the system calls us directly and it is up to us to call the police. Seems like all we've done is eliminated the middle man and a hefty monthly monitoring fee. But even if the discount had been 50% on our premium, it still would have cost us more annually for an independently monitored system and not given us any better protection.We have tested the system and it works perfectly. The sirens are heart stopping and I feel confident that someone breaking in would not hang around long listening to the sirens and believing that the police could be on the way. In addition, we took some steps to "lock up" some of our most portable valuables (jewelry, cameras, ipods, etc) to make sure that if their were a break in, these things would not be easy to grab as the theives made a quick exit.No system is fool proof and this one probably isn't either but we feel much more secure when we leave our house for the day knowing that we are as well protected as possible and all within a very reasonable one time expense of under $200. I would recommend this system to anyone who wants to protect their property and doesn't have tons of cash to accomplish that. If you are not particularly "handy" with this kind of thing (I'm not talking about the electronic/programing stuff which is very minimal, but the actual installation of the window/door sensors and the motion detectors), you might want to enlist the help of a friend who is, but it really isn't that challenging and I see that as no reason not to purchase this system.::Dana Caldarone::5.0::July 10, 2013
R304U8GZ14U6ZO::Buy this system::I give this system AAA+++. This is the easiest system you can buy and it has more than enough window / door alarms and motion sensors for most homes or business'.It comes with the Users Guide, which some systems don't, you have to download from their website,::G'ma::5.0::July 3, 2013
R1W4MPJUNQ6I5J::Great little system::I had it 90% installed in one hour - very easy, and it does what it's supposed to do. I recommend the auxiliary keypad, so the panel isn't available to the intruders. The documentation is a little sketchy, but Michael helped me out when I called about sync-ing the keypad to the panel. I'm getting another system for my son's house.::Terry Lee::5.0::June 28, 2013
RV3VFRZ0JGRAQ::Exactly what I was looking for!::No monthly fees, easy to set up, works exactly as intended and you can take it with you if you move. 100% satisfied.::OnFyre::5.0::June 17, 2013
R2L9H4WXQ27A8S::Good little security system for the money.::This is a very easy alarm system to install. It does work as stated in the add. I recommend this system.::Rodmaker::5.0::June 13, 2013
R2U024SHV1R9WD::Fortress SO2-B excellent  system::I bought this system to replace a 25 year old one thinking I was going to spend about 1,000 -1,500 $ this product arrived on time everything that was described with all the sensors pre-programmed to main panel and a breeze to set up. I had one little problem figuring out something called the phone number on the buisness card that was in the box talked to a guy named mike who was very helpful in solving my problem. This system is well worth the price I paid for a wireless security unit::Jax::5.0::June 11, 2013
RFPU76JXQHB6Y::easy::Fortress sets up all the components to the base unit before they send it to you, so it is very easy to set up. All the components work great. I even have one of the door sensors on my barn out back and it works. great security system with no monthly bill.::Joe::5.0::May 14, 2013
R32ZOXW4RKCEDV::fast and easy to install::i did not want to cut through the walls for wires, this wireless system works great....just hope that the batteries last enough, i installed it about a week ago, so far so good::Simon H::5.0::May 2, 2013
RIBDT0WCC2RNV::Excellent product and customer service::We bought this alarm after returning a substandard product bought from another company.  The other one wouldn't reach all of the doors in the house and we later found out that the sensors had issues with being taped to metal/aluminum doors.  We talked to Mike before buying this one and he said that his product was fine with metal/aluminum doors.  We also asked him about the distance limitations that we experienced with the other alarm.  He recommended this alarm panel, even though there's a stronger, more expensive version, and said we should be good with this one.  He was right.  All of our sensors have no problems reaching the panel and a few of them are more than 50' and 3 walls away.  No false alarms in over a month of use.  The only problem we had was programming the phone call feature.  Mike had me set up in about 2 minutes after I called him after HE answered the phone...not a customer service rep.  If I find that I need more items for this system, I'll definitely go with this company because of the price and customer service.::CGXTerra::5.0::April 30, 2013
R2IES4JEC9K1VL::Great for the Money::Very good security system. a little hard to figure out the programming at first, but after you do it is easy to use and works great::Rich C.::5.0::April 25, 2013
RHJXE8NU9BZ93::Fortress Wireless Security System S02-B::Great system for the price.  Only negatives are:(1) External siren must be located near an outlet, as it must be plugged in. (2) Calling to notify a break in cannot be used if phone is connected to an answering machine. (3)  I live in Florida and get afternoon sun in my front windows, which can get extremely hot, and it melted the glue on the adhesive backing on the window sensors on two windows, so when they fell off my metal window frames, alarm went off.  (4) Instructions in manual are not too clear and some differed from on line video instructions.  System works well, easy to use, good quality and a great price.  I would definitely recommend it.::Maryann D.::4.0::September 13, 2013
R2KON32HJ39QTI::Rating::Thank you for the fast delivery.The alarm was working fine for a month, but afterwards, hell broke lose and the alarm was going off at 3am.Now only 50 percent of the alarm works.::JP::2.0::April 10, 2014
R3V6P7UD35248J::Feel safe again leaving my home.::Our house was broke into a few weeks ago.  A lot was taken some not replaceable, I had a security gate put up.  My youngest child and wife were still traumatized as the house was a wreck.  I put up surveillance cameras and still no comfortable feeling. I installed this alarm system in a little over an hour and it works great.  I tested the phone calling feature and it works great, call me and my wife.  We can access the surveillance cameras remotely and capture stills so I will be doing that while my wife is calling 911.  I had a question and it was answered immediately, I needed 2 more window sensors and they are on the way.  Trying to get my Mom to get one, I may get it for her.::Chris aka MacGyver::5.0::November 19, 2013
R31KQX9J8SM5YU::Good features and some fair features.::First the good, Fortress is easy to install. Customer support is great. Calls get returned quickly. If you set the alarm to call your Cell phone if alarm sounds you can remotely turn off the alarm. The motion sensors work very well and have a wide area of detection. The sirens are very loud and can be heard for a considerable distance.Now the limitations of the system.Difficult to get a monitoring company that can handle Fortress. Remote control by phone does not work if you also have an answering machine. You can only use one or the other, not both. If you set the entry door to delay to allow time to deactivate the alarm on the main panel there can not be a motion sensor in the same area. It will sound the alarm instantly. If you set a delay on the motion sensor, which would allow time to deactivate alarm, it will cause the alarm to ring if you use the "home" mode.It would be convenient if there was a way to change some of these settings.  If you can deal with these limitation it is a great system.::gozreh::3.0::October 17, 2013
R1EIC0CRWZRPYW::The best wireless home security system I have seen::This Is the first home security system i have install since I lost most of my eyesight to macular degeneration over 10 years ago.  I can say that this is the easiest and most complete home security system I have ever seen.  Everything is well packaged complete right down to the doubled stick tape for the window sensors.  The manual is very easy to follow and I had no problems programing this unit. The wireless outdoor siren is very loud and work well, but the indoor siren is ear piercing, extremely loud!. What I really like about this system is that you can program multiple phone numbers to call in the event of break in.  The only thing that i would improve would be the ability to play my message more than once.  A very small thing, thats the only Con I can find with this system.  I took me about a hour and a half to install, program and test, 1st test, every works!, how about that!  So in closing,  If you want a security system you can install your self,  Well look no further, this is the one and only!Tedd HerndonSouthern California::tedd herndon::5.0::June 25, 2013
R3OPUV95P3PMA3::fortress::The fortress so2b system was easy to install and seams to work well but the key pad has a switch on the side that can be turned off before the alarm sounds (seems to me they should use the alarm code with the key pad)this can disable the alarm. I installed my key pad in a closet with the switch side against the wall, they will only have 30 seconds to find it and tare it off the wall to disarm it. Overall I am pleased.::nolan::4.0::May 16, 2014
RVE54D34J6X1S::Great unit for what it is::I purchased this because of the wireless feature and all the components that it came with. I installed 4 door/window sensors, front door, back door, outside shed door, and detached garage door... which I programmed to 'chirp' if any door is open so while home in the evening I don't have to set the alarm to HOME and still will hear if someone tries to break in to the garage or shed. I also installed 2 motion sensors, 1 downstairs and 1 upstairs.My only complaint is the 1 motion sensor has gone off (false alarmed) twice in the 3 months since I installed it. I did notice the one that triggered started showing a low battery condition, so I replaced the battery last week and will see if that helps.I also mounted the door/window sensors with screws and not the double side tape that comes with the unit... I just drilled out the back of the transmitter and attached with small screws as I've read the double side tape has failed and the sensor fell off and triggered an alarm... something I need to avoid as I travel with work and am usually several hours from home.When triggered it calls all the phones programmed to alert me of a 'break in'::TJK::4.0::April 3, 2014
RUMC8B1HEO8R7::great product, easy to set up, up and running in minutes.::This product is true to it's words, got it delivered in a couple of days, set it up in minutes and it works perfectly.::Bosco wong::4.0::March 2, 2014
R3P5772V2PSI93::Worth the money::I read a lot of Amazon buyer reviews on this system before I bought it. I'm glad I was able to weed out the reviews by those people who should never install things themselves or I would have never bought this system. The truth is that this system is not a high end system. Does it work and work correctly? Yes. The motion detectors are somewhat sensitive to light (just like the instructions tell you)  and may cause false alarms if you don't pay any attention to where you install them. It's important to remember that the natural light conditions change all day long in every house depending on how many windows and the house's orientation to the sun. The natural lighting conditions at my house made the alarm trigger in the early afternoon around 2:30PM (PST). Solution? Move the motion sensor, which takes two screws to do.The alarm is loud....like hurt your ears loud. I consider that a positive thing. The key FOBs are awesome and have a great range. The wireless installation aspect is also a huge plus as I rent and do not own so taking the system with me if I move will be a snap. The system calls me and the other numbers I told it to flawlessly. Yes, the instructions could be a bit more "dummy proof" but then again if you are that challenged then maybe you shouldn't have the protection of your home left in your charge.The negative aspect to this system is that if the intruder finds the inside siren that has a wire connection to the main control panel and unplugs it, the alarm siren stops working. The good news is that the system will still go through the remote calling notification process. I hid mine system and use the key FOB to arm/disarm exclusively.::dbldx2c::4.0::January 23, 2014
R28A9LUNV0TKS6::Turn key - not so much::This system has a lot of options and as others have noted the instructions are more of a reference than anything else. One of the first things I wanted to do was change the master pass code and I guess I mistyped it or something. So I had to do a factory reset to reestablish the default pass code and continue with configuration. That wiped out all the sensor encoding that Fortress had done and I had to reprogram everything. While there was somewhat of a learning curve and some experimentation I was able to reprogram everything using the downloaded instruction manual. That turned out to be a good thing in that I was able to familiarize myself with many of the features that aren't obvious at first glance with this system.Now for a few observations:1. You will probably want a dedicated phone line for this system if you want it to be able to have remote access to call the system. If you have it on your main phone number you will likely have problems with things like call forwarding and answering machines or voice mail. If you set the unit to answer sooner than your voice mail then you'll never be able to receive voice mail. And anyone calling you will have their called answered by this unit. You can bypass this unit picking up at all by setting the number of rings higher than your call forwarding and voice mail, but then you'll never be able to control this unit remotely. A dedicated phone line for this unit solves those problems.2. Door and window sensor placement can be a problem because the magnet needs to be within about 1/2 inch of the side of the transmitter opposite the antenna. This is especially an issue on double windows. You find that you need to place the transmitter with the antenna pointing down if you have to mount everything on the left hand side of a door or window. Up, down or sideways the good news is that it doesn't seem to affect operation.3. The window/door sensors have been pre-programmed such that each sensor has a unique number. The problem is that the number is written on the back of the sensor and you'll be covering it up with the mounting tape. So make a good list of which sensor is where. Or better yet, mark the number with a felt tip pen somewhere you'll be able to see it after it's mounted.4. Get some good 3M mounting tape and don't waste your time with the included tape.5. the unit can call up to 5 numbers when triggered.  Very handy.So far I haven't had any false alarms and that's quite good. I use this alarm system along side a remote access video surveillance system and between the two systems will be able to easily tell a false alarm (should one happen) from the real thing.If you have the patience and technical savvy to work through all the options this system has you'll have a first class security system. If there was some way to easily attach a wired sensor to one of the transmitters I'd have given this unit 5 stars. You can attach wired sensors directly to the base unit, but you'd have to run the wires. That said, I've opened up one of the transmitters and it won't be difficult to replace the magnetic switch with a small jack so I can plug in a wired sensor. I haven't determined yet if it's a normally open or normally closed switch but that's just a matter of testing it.::James R Wagner::4.0::October 21, 2013
RZTAY1D1SSJE0::Very good alarm system::This is good alarm system. the following is my thoughts why I gave 4 stars instead of 5.When you activate the alarm in home mode, the delay zone still have to wait 10 sec to be activated which I think it doesn't make sense. Since this is activated as in home alarm, delay and immediate zones should be triggered right away.Indoor siren should be wireless too.control panel shouldn't have switch to allow on and off although it's recommended to be installed in hidden place. Tell me where you can find a hidden place with electronic outlet in your house.The good things are:Easy to install. don't pair by yourself because they did that for you.Be able to connect to your phone line to make a call when your alarm is triggered.Everything is battery and don't need to worry about cabling in your house.::Tao Chen::4.0::October 15, 2013
R96HWNDWV078M::Great purchase::This is just the alarm system that I was looking for, You get the most door and window contacts and the most sensors than any other alarm system, and the price for all you get is great. I have had mine for about 3 weeks now and I feel that I don't have to worry about my house when I am at work. I highly recommend this alarm system to anybody that wants their house secured and don't want to pay monthly monitor charges.::Richie::5.0::September 7, 2013
R30KL5F3Q4E1AA::Easy installation::Good, loud alarm system!  Quick replacement for old wired system that finally gave out.  Only suggestion would be to have a better way to attach the sensors.  In very hot California summers, the self stick backing gave way.  We found the sensors on the floor.  Used really strong adhesive and they are 'staying put' now.::Susan in Modesto, CA::4.0::July 30, 2013
R9JKC7A3QZ7U2::Good product::I had no problem setting this system up. If you have ever dealt with any security systems. Setup will be a breeze took me about 30 min flat.::Johnathan Bradford::4.0::July 20, 2013
R2JPGFAQC1BV1H::Good system for the price::Received the S02b product which originally only had the Quickstart guide included for instructions. I had to reach out to Mike to find more detailed instructions which he provided on another review related to the lack of instructions. I printed the instruction manual directly from their site. I would recommend users to read the quickstart guide first and fill in additional info needed with online manual from their site. Mike also called me back on a Sunday to assist with coding question I had. Good customer service.Once you have instructions down, the setup is pretty easy. Had everything up, tested and running within 90 minutes or less. The sirens are VERY loud so when testing them make sure to stand back :) Full System tested 100% with all window / door alarms and motion sensors.Overall at this price point if you dont want or need monthly security fees and contract with other security services, I would definitley recommend this system.::COWBOY JIUJITSU::4.0::July 16, 2013
R1Z1R3VLHLXPCX::Working good so far.::The system is working okay so far. I almost made the mistake of purchasing  UPS to back up this system since we are frequented with power outages where I live. But I went home one day during a blackout and found the system working. Upon inquiring from Mike I learned that it carries a built in DC back up source. I do not recall reading of this in the product description. My fingers are fat so I have some problems using the remote, the buttons are very small.::Sadiq Majeed::4.0::July 6, 2013
R2J05IQ8LKHNUX::fortress alarm::instructions can be a bit confusing but call tech support they get back to you right away the unit works realy good easy to install::Doris Deida::5.0::March 10, 2013
R2CHHLKJCO51C5::Fortress S02-B Wireless Home Security Alarm System Kit with Auto Dial +...::I recently purchased this Security system on 3/15/13 for my condo... so far its exactly what I wanted. It works flawlessly and performs to all of my expectations. I personally installed this unit myself, and had NO problems with the installation at all. Very please, and for the money, verrrrrrry happy!!!  Thanks Fortress for a GREAT and inexpensive security system for my home. My first night sleeping was great, I felt totally safe and secured. PS. Its already programed, so there's nothing much to do except to install... which I've mentioned above, was a breeze!::Techie::5.0::April 16, 2013
R3TEGRITPYQOQ9::You get what you pay for.::Instructions are kind of vague and if you arm it with the remote, I couldn't disarm it with the remote.  Here I was, with the loud alarm going off so I had to go inside and disconnect it manually and turn it off manually.  It is very cheesy and would have preferred to spend 200 dollars more and gotten a better product with a better reputation.  I was going to return it but since I had to leave on short messages because of family emergencies, the return authorization expired so I'm stuck with and have to deal with it's idiosyncrasies so I will use it to arm my house and just plug my ears if I have to go inside and disarm it manually.::PAULO::1.0::July 26, 2013
R3093NH50Q8R5Q::cheaply made, on/off switch is a serious flaw!::pro: It works and it is loud.cons:1. In case someone breaks in, the sound would leads him to the control panel and he can quickly disable it just turning it off, then all is quiet. It doesn't take more than 15 seconds.2. Every part is cheaply made and of low quality. The batteries tend to pop out by themselves and the cover is flimsy. It is obvious from the picture and the actual parts feel even worse.3. The big sensors are very unsightly. Many wives would refuse to put them on their windows. Everything looks like the cheapest plastic from 1980's. They look absolutely silly and draw immediate attentions.The manufacture made an effort to put sensors and a control panel together within a reasonable price, but didn't pay any attention to details to improve appearance and functionality.::honestly disagree::3.0::March 17, 2014
R30FFT95KBJHX5::Loved it so much I bought another for my In-Laws::Let me start by saying this is my first ever review of an amazon product.I bought the Fortress Security Store (TM) S02-B Wireless Home Security Alarm System Kit for a quick and inexpensive way to secure my home and make the wife feel a little safer.  I am so pleased with this product it inspired me to write my first review.  The kit comes pre-programmed and I had every entry point (doors and windows) secured in 30 minutes.  I am also amazed how easy it is to add extra accessories such as smoke alarms, more sirens, etc.  I personally added 2 more door/window sensors, smoke alarm and 3 more sirens.  My house rocks if unlawfully entered. It also calls whoever you want if activated.  Detailed instructions in video or writing on adding accessories on their web site.  I know, I used it!..  I did however have a small problem with one of my added accessories.  This brings me to customer service. Customer Service is OUTSTANDING.  This guy answers every question and replaces any defective product quickly. I am very pleased with this company and product.  I would recommend it to any house that is not pre-wired for a security system.::JWJR::5.0::March 14, 2014
R1WGBD00DYA7OZ::Simple but effective::It does everything it claims to do.  It's not top-of-line by any means, but it's great for what I needed.::jwhitevwc::4.0::September 9, 2013
R1OFS7531FIOF::Best purchase I've made  online::This is a first class system. The contacts and the PIRs came pre-programmed by the vendor. It took my wife and I less than 1hr to set up, and install. It works great. The "inside" horn is loud, and the auto-dialler works great. It was a first class purchase and first class service. The item arrived very quickly and within 3 days of making the purchase I had an operational system in my home. My neighbour uses a ADT system and pays $150 a quarter, which does not cover as many zones as this system does.  I've recommended it to all my friends and family.::Mr J A Normington::5.0::June 11, 2013
R24G9K7C9ZD9HC::Great System::We purchased this system as a replacement for our older/outdated home alarm. Very happy,does what it says.Manual stinks,broken English,fun to read but very difficult to understand,go online and read the version there,::Milton W::5.0::May 23, 2013
RUNBRSBD2PM7K::Great Product with Superb Support::Short version: Stop your research and buy this product from Fortress Security Store. It has all the features you will ever need, it works and Michael will promptly provide any support you may need.The details: This product met my criteria for a security system that I could install and manage without being anchored to a security company with monthly fees and continuous sales pitches.  I installed the SO2-B in a two story 2900 sq. ft. home where the furthest window sensor is a level below and about 50 feet from the control unit. No problems with the wireless signal reaching the control unit or the remotes/panic button reaching the control unit from anywhere.  As has been mentioned, the sensors are all pre-programmed and ready to go. This is truly a plug-and-play system.  Just program your phone number/s of choice and record an outgoing phone message and you're done. Tip: download the manual from the Fortress Security Store Website. It is a more logical representation of the  system than the documents included in the box. FYI, I get my internet service via DSL from my phone company. So that internet signal is being carried on the phone line along with voice service. This has caused no problem with the phone feature of the SO2-B.  So from the other reviews and my experience it seems like this system will utilize most any phone system you may have.  This system is a great value for under $200. Sure, you can get more features/options with more expensive systems but with 10 sensors and 3 motion detectors I have secured all the really vulnerable access points to my home. Wirelessly. And it calls my cell phone in the event of a sensor being tripped. But most importantly, Fortress Security Store is not a sell-it and forget-it storefront. Without service even a good product can be made less than optimal. Michael at Fortress is available and responsive and will make sure you get the most out of your purchase. I have emailed him a couple of times and his response was fast.  I had a sensor that was bad out of the box (these things do happen). He immediately resolved that problem without question or hesitation. A very positive buying experience overall.::Ed::5.0::May 22, 2013
R1WV2Z9SWNBSEI::Great product !::The product is great with almost all the features needed for a security system.It also offers both pulse/tone phone calling, so that it can work with Vonage (which none of the good products in the price range provide).The product comes with preconfigured settings. However, it is a bit difficult to make desired configurations.Calling Mike does help to resolve all the issues!.::Abh::4.0::May 21, 2013
R1IM5XM50GEYBX::FEEL SAFE--with FORTRESS S02-B WIRELESS HOME SECURITY ALARM SYSTEMS::I purchased this system, after several hours searching the net, I found it to be everything advertised to be,to comparable othersystems,and a whole  better price for what you pay for others.The other thing i like about this product,is the ease of installation and programing,? why pay more this is all you need. AS RATED, I LOVE IT,AND RECOMMEND IT TO OTHERS FOR A --------- SECURITY ALARM SYSTEM.  MR.ED::mr ed::5.0::April 14, 2013
R2BV7FNWLMZVIN::Muy bueno por el precio.::Instale el sistema hace ya dos semanas y ha funcionado de maravilla, es muy facil de usar y de instalar. Me encanto que todos los dipositivos hayan sido programados antes de recibirlos, eso facilito todo el proceso de instalacion.::BL::5.0::March 15, 2013
R17S7LKNX00GF3::System's OK, but there's much to be desired::I too bought this product because of all the rave reviews.  When it arrived, I opened it to find only a piece of paper that serves as the Quick-Start Guide.  This is less than helpful.  No  manual.  No idea how to set up a code, whether I'm SUPPOSED to set up a code, how to work the panel, etc.  I've contacted the company to get more information, with the understanding it may take "24 hours" for a response.  It has now been SEVENTY-TWO hours with no response.  I don't understand why I'm not getting the great customer service the rest of you have had, but I'm ready to send it back!Update: after my review, I received MULTIPLE emails from Michael.  It was a lot to muddle through, and it wasted quite a bit of my time.  A revised manual was put on the website AFTER I spent so much time trying to find it.  He also took it upon himself to call me several times even though I never gave him my phone number.  I know some people might consider this good customer service, but I found it annoying.  Someone tried to break into my house on July 7th, which is why I ordered this system.  It is now the 21st and I still don't have it hooked up because I just found time to muddle through this manual, which is FULL of grammar & spelling errors.  One of my sensors has already fallen off the window.  I don't know when I'll get it set up, because apparently I have to drill holes through my walls & the house itself in order to get the siren set up.  This is WAY more trouble than I thought it would be.  I think the system ITSELF will work fine once it's set up.  I tested it out the other day and the alarm is so loud it nearly gave me a heart attack.  I'm very concerned these sensors are going to continue falling off my windows.Michael did agree to send me 2 more sensors that I needed at no charge, which was nice.Final Update.  Returned it.  Sensors were falling off the windows.::SC::2.0::July 17, 2013
RZOL551LQ8HJR::Great system - even better customer service!::I can't say enough good things about this system. I purchased it from Mike at Fortress Security and the only thing better than the system is his customer service. You send him an email, he responds. You call him, he answers the phone. You have a stupid question, he answers it quickly and professionally. The system arrived super fast - even from across the country. The directions aren't the best but if you read them a couple of times you can figure them out. When I was at a loss, I called Mike and 5 minutes later was up and running. I was looking for a decent alarm without the monthly monitoring fees and this baby does the trick. The tiny alarm that comes with it is LOUD - a good thing. Instead of using the tape to mount the wireless detectors, I recommend velcro or super glue. Trust me - you don't want to hear this alarm in the middle of the night because a sensor fell off. So far no false alarms and it's so easy to arm/disarm, especially with the remotes.::Jason Torchio::5.0::June 11, 2013
RSS8UO028JUQQ::The best::This is the bet product, easy to install and with a very fantastic costumer help by phone, very friendly and very helpful. I sure will recommend this system to anybody, even with no knowledge of anything. I am 63 years old and installed this with ease in 20 minutes.Ara::ara::5.0::May 13, 2013
RS9VD09FKEUAN::Easy to set up::Like someone else said "Why would you put an on/off switch on the side?"  There is a recess on the back side for a buss bar connection why not hide the switch in there?  Also to me the placement of the power cord jack is strange, why not have that on the side instead of the Top of the unit?  Anyway it works right out of the box with minimal setup.Everything works great EXCEPT the outdoor siren which for the life of me I can't get to work.  I even followed the video as it played and still it fails to operate.  Have to contact them today as I believe it is defective.::R. Krohn "Midnight Rider"::4.0::May 31, 2014
R13CCCRDOESDJ7::Not bad::Sensor casings are flimsy and fall off when installing. Not even using the external siren, the small one is way too loud as it is when setting the alarm!::J. Clements::3.0::August 21, 2013
R27OGHOTPI2FQO::Great Service from Pisector::I have bought this system from CNX and it is the perfect system from original manufacturer Pisector, who sell this system first at Amazon.com since 2011. They now they sell an upgraded system call PS03 and they point CNX as an agent to sell the Pisector System. You will get service and support from Pisector directly when needed. An excellent buying experience.::L. Wright "Leese"::5.0::July 24, 2013
R3L5YTFPQQ9QD6::Bad online help::The only thing that I didn't like was the bad online service and the poor answers that they gave me when I ask for a Spanish manual they didn't even try to help me. Guys you live in a global society now be prepare::Tania Barrezueta::3.0::December 26, 2013
RJ6FENTABVEFP::Require land line::Not sure if I can honestly rate this one, can't give it five stars because I don't know if it works or not. It requires a line line. Who has land line now a days??? Returned for refund.::Adrian Guerra Sr.::1.0::January 5, 2014
RIPBNM8MZ5MB6::EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED::I bought this product because of all the rave reviews it received. Well it seems like a well made product, if only it came with a manual on how to install and operate it. Got all ready, tools out, ran my phone line, take everything out of the box and nothing but a quick start guide that keeps referring to the manual. Thanks. I'll try once to find what I need online else this is going back via Amazon return system. Great product isn't a great product if the person buying it can't use it.::Hypercussion::1.0::July 9, 2013
R1GVYSI4UK7619::Worked ok for a while::I live in a rough neighborhood so I bought this system for my house. At first it seemed like a great idea. The system seemed to be good quality but after a month one of the motion sensors broke. We started getting false alarms. The control panel showed one of the motion sensors was triggered. We found that one of the motion sensors was stuck on. Disabled that sensor. One month later, another false alarm, another motion sensor stuck on. Disable it. Another month later alarm goes off. I think "another stuck sensor" so I dont worry too much except for this time someone has really broken into my house and taken $6500 worth of stuff. You cant have an unreliable security system otherwise you wont know when its real. I got ADT now. No false alarms ever, plus now they offer cameras. If the alarm goes off I can look at the cameras and know if its real. Its like they say, you get what you pay for. Get ADT.::Impact::1.0::February 27, 2014
R2755608BJZDT7::install is easy::No problems with install...got what I expected and it took care of my needs for security at a rental house. Good value for the money....::Ben W. Swain::4.0::July 29, 2013
R1KSSV9T5CHVRF::Rip off and piece of junk::I bought this system on line directly from Fortress for $299.99. Surprisingly, I never received any receipt or invoice of my purchase, the instruction booklet is of some hand printed company from China and has no Fortress name. None of the equipment has any serial numbers, name of the manufacturer or Fortress name. Six sensors are broken and rest don't stick to the windows or door. It does not even say, what type of battery to use. Some weird type of battery, I never heard of, when I opened one unit. I don't even know where you get this battery. You can get this sensors at 99 cent store, instead of paying so much. There is no instructions in the booklet on how to set up the key pad, codes and how to operate the alarm system. When I purchased it, Mike was very sweet talker and told me that he will walk me through when programming the system but after he got paid, he doe snot answer the phone, does not reply e-mails or return calls. I have this system sitting for two months and I don't know what to do with it.He only gives one week to return and by that time, you just get it in the mail. So, this is cheating. I keep calling 3-4 times per week and leave messages but this one man operation never calls back, never answers e-mails or phone. I am frustrated and hope no one buys this junk. It is totally rip off. I will be reporting to consumer affairs of this business.::P. Patel::1.0::July 30, 2013
R22AUOLO3YSGCV::not even 3 star::not a 5 star system.pros: it workscons: no support, I started installing Saturday and I had a question, no 800 number and no answer, just a recording. Batteries that came with the unit are no good they are cheap and weak, I had to replace them in order to make it work, and last the range is about 25 feet for sensors and door contacts inside a house providing that there are no wall between them. I have a run of the mill house in florida and it would n even work in the garage.::J.A.S "automatic1167"::2.0::December 7, 2013
R1A3W6Z7JNPOO8::Do not buy. Complicated set-up. Expect nothing from this system.::Not at all what we expected. My wife is so angry about this purchase she asked me to write the review. Don't waste your money on this product. The system design is old and the quality is very poor. The instructions included also have very bad English and is hard to follow. All the accompanying sensors did not work properly. They either failed to link with the control panel or they only operated when I moved them in a certain angle. Setup was attempted 3 times with the same results. Not impressed at all. There are also similar systems I found from the same manufacturer of this system - Fortress Security System. The system looks exactly the same but without the Fortress brand. Either way...in the end, you get what you pay for. These are low quality security systems and I personally do not recommend them to anyone. I would put 0 stars for this product if I could. Please beware!::Bob Sanderz::1.0::June 20, 2013
R2ZWOY70LIJSGJ::not call to cellphone::This piece of garbage not call to cellphones. Its work very well but you only can configure 10 digits number::Francisco Concepcion::3.0::February 4, 2014
R20C7RUJC5GVFU::Great Purchase for a DIY'er::Great product at great price. the only downside was that the ad did not say what else you need to make it work ( i.e monitor & hard drive to record ) although Zmodo has a great website with a live chat session which answered all my questions right away.Delivery time is great. Ordered on a Sunday night and received on Friday of the same week.::Oswaldo Sanchez::4.0::June 16, 2013
R20YP0PXVRZ2MD::read carefully::Product contains no hard drive and there are only 3 that will work with it. I ordered a hard drive for it just to find out it was not compatable.::todd::2.0::July 21, 2013
R2ED5ASJEX0ZXX::Great value::Great value for a great product. Very user friendly and their support website is informative and very easy to navigate.::Rick H.::5.0::May 3, 2013
R1ENZ8V1L2KAK8::Flakey::The cameras work really good during the days the night vision not the greatest. The software for it is so so FLAKEY never works how I set it. and many other program problems.::amy hempel::3.0::August 20, 2013
R1FBLNYQWNCXPZ::GOOOOOOd::, Love it, works for me, will buy again and recomend, to friends and anemies too, why not , I am neutral.::Leszek Cebulak::5.0::August 10, 2013
R3YTR09YP7WC4::Two Problems::You need to be a professional or know what your doing to install the wiring.  The box that you attach the wires to was not attached to the top and I didn't see any screws but I used some small screws I already had. The main Problem I had was that there was no VGA cable ( make sure you have TWO VGA outlets or you will need  a MALE TO MALE USB cable , which is what I had to do.I looked at LOWES, WALMART AND RADIO SHACK for a MALE TO MALE USB cable but I couldn't find one so I did what I should have done in the first place ... buy it from AMAZON.::toney::4.0::January 1, 2014
R5PG2UCBKERO8::cheap in price great in value::no cons about it, works great i even use the zviewer app for my phone on the go i love it::john from cali::5.0::October 7, 2013
R1A2G29ZF1DORA::nice i like this::this is a fine stuff, it good for my kind of thing, i will buy it over and over again::Jarvis::4.0::December 31, 2013
R3LDUE3ZVFKT64::Awesome Buy::I think this product is an excellent one. Really pleased with the quality of the videos and the easy setup.::Richard Wildman::5.0::December 22, 2013
RJVUA872G0T1G::Definitely a keeper!::Although one of the 4 cameras came unthreaded (it was an easy fix) everything else was perfect.  These cameras were so easy to set up we didn't even need to use the online instructions for how to set them up.  We used an old computer monitor (acer brand) and it works perfect for the monitor.  Thought we could use an external hard drive to record, but we were wrong so we ordered an actual hard drive.  Color during the day, black and white at night, capable of audio as well. The night vision is phenomenal too, looks super bright and we can keep an eye on the pups all day long with the iPod app!::Mary B. Choquette::5.0::September 24, 2013
R14YPDHQE4T87Z::Excellent::There were mixed reviews on this set. It is entry level but does everything it says it does. I used the online videos to setup but once I watched those it was easy to follow the instructions from there. Excellent product, I have mine setup for remote login via a free i-pad app.You can also setup motion sensor ability and email notifications. The interface is very simple and there are many options which I still haven't worked out how to use just yet.House is much safer with these watching over it and soon we will update some of the cameras in key areas of the house.There was a lot of negativity about the cords that come with this set but we had no problems. Cheap or Expensive, as long as they work and withstand the elements, what else do you need. The 60ft cables are exactly all that you need for the initial setup.::Travlin Ray::5.0::September 6, 2013
R1MZ1TZ294TRNB::no hard drive::didn't know it wouldn't work without a hard drive. Now it's just sitting in the box. help??? don't know what hard drive to get.::Danice Sweet::2.0::August 26, 2013
R3KUXJROZ8YPQX::Great product for what I need::The ok product is great for what I need, take a little IT skill to set up with iPhone and PC only explore only, been using it more then a month now still good and like it.::Vanntha  Thou::4.0::July 6, 2013
R4Q2PT1UTGU0O::works great::as always--the zmodo systems are the best for the money-they are easy to set up & always work flawlessly-I recommend zemodo systems to anyone who wonts the best for the money.::the old man::5.0::October 23, 2013
R1JZZ7YQQWBB24::Incredibly Confusing with Verizon FiOS::Make sure to get one with build in hard drive. I got a defective product, and sent it back. A month later, I got the same product repaired, not replaced with a new one. Network instructions are not clear. It's written for old modems, and systems. Good luck finding instructions for a Verizon FiOS.::Avanak Avni::2.0::August 20, 2013
R2G35M4IUYBX4X::I'm watching you!::An excellent device for the money. Interface is intuitive and easy. Do not need any special expertise in the installation of complex devices. For the future - I would like to see the inside of a quiet fan device. I had to use a DVR `s USB something like this http://www.amazon.com/CommonByte-Horizontal-Cooling-Sony-Playstation-PS3/dp/B00CW9QOKM/ref=sr_1_16?ie=UTF8&qid;=1375638465&sr;=8-16&keywords;=fan+for+notebook::Roman Loginov "just customer"::5.0::August 4, 2013
RW4ZQ9M2ZN7DL::horrible a waste of money::I had my cameras for about a month now and my cameras still doesn't work. The description for the product is wrongly written. .... you have to have a computer and internet connection in order to start things up. I brought it specifically because it says it could be viewed from smart phones. ...its just too much of an hassle. The view at night is horrible.::Pen Name::1.0::August 10, 2013
RB1AXRLT8TNDA::Great Value, Works Great, Easy to install!::I would reccomend this unit to anyone that needs a low cost surveillance system. The cameras have metal housings and the IRs are adequate for distances up to about 20 feet. The DVR doesn't look cheesy and actually looks good. The users manual is a little bit sketchy with some chi-english and grossly mispellled or out of context words, but you can understand what they were trying to convey. There is plenty of help on you tube if you get hung up on some of its very trival nuances. Overall, easy to assemble and install, good (not great) resolution from the cameras (but, hey...you can always upgrade to better cameras and remember....you get what you pay for!) Nobody can sneak up on my house ever again!::Chuck Guldin::5.0::April 5, 2013
R18B4SJXLT4K8Q::Great product for the price.::Advice is to get the upgraded cameras, but, its pretty good overall. You may not be able to get license plates from the front of your house to the street.::Hernaalm::4.0::March 7, 2013
R1EVMR191VHNH7::good product, great price!::The camera is just great for the price, it is visible at night, the colors are perfect I just love the product!::wilna veloz::5.0::December 26, 2013
R1LXTS74H6UG2M::Very happy this dvr::Excellent products for the price can't be better you will be surprised  when the machine up and running have good colors.::duke tran::5.0::December 19, 2013
R41GDXPNHTIKQ::Manual is a mess::Could use better instructions online and on the manual since it took me forever to instal them. They work just fine::IncognitoJedi "Your hero"::4.0::December 11, 2013
RNTEAVNSUDWB5::Great::I have alwasy loved these guys solutions. O have them at evryone of my locations plugged into a battery back up.::AXID22::5.0::November 1, 2013
R2Z5K0PEDVLRF1::Great price..::Very clear picture during the day. The night mode isn't the best, however, for the price it's a great little package. No complaints whatsoever.::Gina::5.0::October 26, 2013
RYJUEZ1P06QCP::Good cameras::Cameras work good although the instructions are very confusing but that wasnt a big problem, they were easy to connect, and affordable.::Jose M.::5.0::October 12, 2013
R33HV3NZLGMCU6::My experience::one camera has lines that shows up on the screen The directions arent easy to understand unless you have a backround with electronics But a good system for the price.::Tad Kinahan::4.0::August 27, 2013
R23W8Y2TSCDOR5::surveillance camera system (good purchase)::It was easy set up, clear pictures.  Good purchase for home use.  Not sure yet about audio still working on it.::Denise "denise"::5.0::August 19, 2013
R1B3UJQZFFA0EG::Zmodo 4CH H.264 DVR Security Surveillance Camera System::The item works very good. It would be nice if it came with a monitor. otherwise it is very nice.::Gloria::4.0::August 13, 2013
R23MOHB86VTKZF::Buy it u will love it::To every one this is the easiest product to use  so  if I was u buy it I did good luck::manny::5.0::July 11, 2013
R2R7YNP11A1MXQ::Best deal for 4 cameras with a DVR!::Best deal for 4 cameras with a DVR! They are wired so installation isn't quite as easy as wireless of course; however the wires are pretty long! I ran them through my attic it was a PITA but now my wire's are not exposed to any of the elements.The picture quality is average ish as expected from a unit of this level. I have a Uniden 2 camera wireless system that I bought for $100 more and it has no DVR and the picture quality is about the same as that one.Wireless camera's have disadvantages as people (mainly crooks) can look at your wireless camera if they have the same or a similar receiver! That being said they can know where to find the 'blind spots.'This is why I purchased this wired setup. More security, no one peaking into it besides me and for the value you can't beat 4 camera's!If you are wanting to watch the feed on your TV you will need a TV with VGA inputs. Also the VGA cord is not included you may want to pick that up.I haven't set up the iPhone viewing yet but I will soon. For the price I'm happy I can see all around my house with my 4 camera'sVery good buy!::Alan Toaca::5.0::October 7, 2013
R316DELB72F6W0::Surveilance Camera::I chose the I like it rating because I like the product and it is doing what I bought it for::CarolBrown::4.0::April 22, 2013
R172I452V1USL8::wrong item::It deliver on time but the problem they send me the wrong item. Im from cayman island so when they have problem it take a while to replace it and cost money.::eugenio pascual::1.0::January 6, 2013
R1PR00E0KDRJC5::Low price good quality.::I run a big name product surveillance system at work and comparing the two the picture is about the same. The night vision on this is very good and the little extras just set it off. You do have to pay attention when purchasing this brand because do to the fact some do not have the hard drive "4 not 5 stars", All in all I am happy with this company and will buy from them in the future.::brian potts::4.0::May 15, 2013
R3V7Z4JPPQ4TO4::Easy to instal::realy easy to instal and prety good cam for that price, also received it in a timely manner.I'm using it to monitor my parking lot and it work!::Frank::5.0::July 2, 2013
R2GBX6I9CVS634::Great camera set. One issue I wish I knew before purchasing.::I was pumped that when I received delivery, mine had an upgraded DVR to 4TB!  Night vision is incredible and is among the highest quality pictures I've seen.  The only thing I didn't realize when I purchased (although it's mentioned in the description) is that the 2 big cameras don't have cables to hook to the DVR. Had to purchase online separately which cost me an additional $120.::Andrew D Gardner::4.0::May 30, 2013
R2W36ZM9RDU2Z8::Great system, very little difficulty setting up remote viewing::I looked at a lot of systems and manufacturers befor settling on REVO. I was concerned that my ability to interface the DVR and my computer would be a problem based on numerouse comments online. However, it was really quite simple. The hardest part is selecting a location for the camera where you get the best coverage. I ran a cable from the DVR to the camera and taped tha camera to the wall/ceiling, as I doing this alone. Once the location of the camera was selected, running the wires through the hot Florida attic was a chore, but having both an access location for the DVR and snaking the wire into the eaves made the project easier.Once all cameras were plugged into the DVR, the LAN cable from the DVR connected to the router, and the DVR connected to a monitor, the setup program checks compatability and identifies ports, IP address, etc. Despite getting an affirmative response from the DVR, I was having trouble connecting to the website for remote viewing. One phone call to REVO, with a short wait time of approximately 5 minutes at 5:00 pm, and I was connected to Manny, who walked me through a program whereby he accessed my computer set all the parameters, and in the end told me that mu LAN cable, which was not new, was the problem, and to push the cables in again. Once that was done, I was up and running, although the Revo remote website is a little confusing, the manual is explicit and helpful.The cameras provide great daylight and evening pictures, the DVR was easy to setup, and thanks to Manny at Revo, the software setup was pretty easy. I just need to buy two more cameras, as it seems you can always find another angle to cover with an additional camera.Overall, I'm pleased with the system and the lifetime tech. support, and can not cite any cons at this time.::Keith Currier::5.0::July 15, 2013
R3NPXT35JAG6J::All-in-all an excellent system::I had never bought a security system before my boss told me to research and buy one. Knew nothing about them. After doing a lot of research, I choose this Revo system. While it is not clearly stated is that the two larger cameras have zoom lenses. You zoom them at install, and unless you get a ladder out, they are then fixed. This is a great advantage of this system. We installed a total of 13 cameras, and 12 of the 13 came up the first time, while the remaining one had a simple wiring problem that was easily fixed. Setting up the remote monitoring was pretty easy.There are only two negatives about the system. One is that the six bullet cameras are only 600 TVL, and are less clear than 700 TVL cameras. The second is that the DVR has 6 Revo RJ-style connectors, and six BNC connectors, which are more universal but more expensive to deal with. I wish it had all one or the other style.If I had to do it all over again, I would purchase this system again.*************** Update ****************A few months after installation, the company that shares our building (we use 80%, and they have 20%) had someone walk in and steal a laptop computer!While I had never done this before, about 15 minutes of playing with the system, and a USB USB Thumb Drive, and I had found the image of the guy who stole the computer! I copied it one the thumb drive, and provided it to the police. Considering that before this installation, I had ZERO EXPERIENCE with any surveillance system, I think speaks well of the both the software and the manual with the product.Without question, I would highly recommend a REVO system to anyone.::Colin Povey "cpovey"::5.0::November 6, 2013
R2Y35TD5BGWKP::Works fine::Customer service from revo leaves a lot to be desired. I have four of these systems in my stores and so far 14 months none has failed.::Yo::4.0::February 4, 2013
R37E0YL3S1HD77::Revo RE16BNDL20-4T::The 2 outdoor Elite Cameras that come with the kit are not plug and play they require an additional power supply and cable to function.::Bra::1.0::March 26, 2014
R1POBWH4390SN7::Very Easy::I bought this for a friend who needed survelance at his house.  He's not very tech savvy and he has this system figured out!  He even watches it from his laptop away from home with Revo Remote Pro.  This is an easy to install system as long as you have a place to run wires from the central hub to each camera.  EXCELLENT PURCHASE!::98KCN::5.0::August 26, 2013
R32DMGM9WFHPOG::Easy to install::Yes it is hardwired but it provides power to the camera as well as digital info.  I've mounted a camera over 160' away from the DVR and works great.::Clifton Deward::5.0::April 22, 2013
R3E3ANWQU5RX5E::GOOD DEAL::SYSTEMS IS AWESOME AND DEALS WAS GREAT. REVO IS THE BEST CAMERA SYSTEM TO HAVE FOR BUSINESS OWNERS. LOVE IT::Sarah Tobar::5.0::January 12, 2014
R1W0F8CY8ZNTFP::Good dVR system for the price (refurb)::I wanted to get this system as recommended by a friend of mine. I could not find the 8 camera configuration at a decent price. This one I bought was a refurb product but worked amazingly good out of the box.::V. R. Barot::4.0::January 6, 2014
R1DVJ99W1SR73C::it works very well::It works very well. What I don't like is every time power off.  I have to call REVO for reset otherwise you can not see remotely.::Weimin Qu::4.0::May 9, 2013
R2GBX6I9CVS634::Great camera set. One issue I wish I knew before purchasing.::I was pumped that when I received delivery, mine had an upgraded DVR to 4TB!  Night vision is incredible and is among the highest quality pictures I've seen.  The only thing I didn't realize when I purchased (although it's mentioned in the description) is that the 2 big cameras don't have cables to hook to the DVR. Had to purchase online separately which cost me an additional $120.::Andrew D Gardner::4.0::May 30, 2013
R2W36ZM9RDU2Z8::Great system, very little difficulty setting up remote viewing::I looked at a lot of systems and manufacturers befor settling on REVO. I was concerned that my ability to interface the DVR and my computer would be a problem based on numerouse comments online. However, it was really quite simple. The hardest part is selecting a location for the camera where you get the best coverage. I ran a cable from the DVR to the camera and taped tha camera to the wall/ceiling, as I doing this alone. Once the location of the camera was selected, running the wires through the hot Florida attic was a chore, but having both an access location for the DVR and snaking the wire into the eaves made the project easier.Once all cameras were plugged into the DVR, the LAN cable from the DVR connected to the router, and the DVR connected to a monitor, the setup program checks compatability and identifies ports, IP address, etc. Despite getting an affirmative response from the DVR, I was having trouble connecting to the website for remote viewing. One phone call to REVO, with a short wait time of approximately 5 minutes at 5:00 pm, and I was connected to Manny, who walked me through a program whereby he accessed my computer set all the parameters, and in the end told me that mu LAN cable, which was not new, was the problem, and to push the cables in again. Once that was done, I was up and running, although the Revo remote website is a little confusing, the manual is explicit and helpful.The cameras provide great daylight and evening pictures, the DVR was easy to setup, and thanks to Manny at Revo, the software setup was pretty easy. I just need to buy two more cameras, as it seems you can always find another angle to cover with an additional camera.Overall, I'm pleased with the system and the lifetime tech. support, and can not cite any cons at this time.::Keith Currier::5.0::July 15, 2013
R3NPXT35JAG6J::All-in-all an excellent system::I had never bought a security system before my boss told me to research and buy one. Knew nothing about them. After doing a lot of research, I choose this Revo system. While it is not clearly stated is that the two larger cameras have zoom lenses. You zoom them at install, and unless you get a ladder out, they are then fixed. This is a great advantage of this system. We installed a total of 13 cameras, and 12 of the 13 came up the first time, while the remaining one had a simple wiring problem that was easily fixed. Setting up the remote monitoring was pretty easy.There are only two negatives about the system. One is that the six bullet cameras are only 600 TVL, and are less clear than 700 TVL cameras. The second is that the DVR has 6 Revo RJ-style connectors, and six BNC connectors, which are more universal but more expensive to deal with. I wish it had all one or the other style.If I had to do it all over again, I would purchase this system again.*************** Update ****************A few months after installation, the company that shares our building (we use 80%, and they have 20%) had someone walk in and steal a laptop computer!While I had never done this before, about 15 minutes of playing with the system, and a USB USB Thumb Drive, and I had found the image of the guy who stole the computer! I copied it one the thumb drive, and provided it to the police. Considering that before this installation, I had ZERO EXPERIENCE with any surveillance system, I think speaks well of the both the software and the manual with the product.Without question, I would highly recommend a REVO system to anyone.::Colin Povey "cpovey"::5.0::November 6, 2013
R2Y35TD5BGWKP::Works fine::Customer service from revo leaves a lot to be desired. I have four of these systems in my stores and so far 14 months none has failed.::Yo::4.0::February 4, 2013
R37E0YL3S1HD77::Revo RE16BNDL20-4T::The 2 outdoor Elite Cameras that come with the kit are not plug and play they require an additional power supply and cable to function.::Bra::1.0::March 26, 2014
R1POBWH4390SN7::Very Easy::I bought this for a friend who needed survelance at his house.  He's not very tech savvy and he has this system figured out!  He even watches it from his laptop away from home with Revo Remote Pro.  This is an easy to install system as long as you have a place to run wires from the central hub to each camera.  EXCELLENT PURCHASE!::98KCN::5.0::August 26, 2013
R32DMGM9WFHPOG::Easy to install::Yes it is hardwired but it provides power to the camera as well as digital info.  I've mounted a camera over 160' away from the DVR and works great.::Clifton Deward::5.0::April 22, 2013
R3E3ANWQU5RX5E::GOOD DEAL::SYSTEMS IS AWESOME AND DEALS WAS GREAT. REVO IS THE BEST CAMERA SYSTEM TO HAVE FOR BUSINESS OWNERS. LOVE IT::Sarah Tobar::5.0::January 12, 2014
R1W0F8CY8ZNTFP::Good dVR system for the price (refurb)::I wanted to get this system as recommended by a friend of mine. I could not find the 8 camera configuration at a decent price. This one I bought was a refurb product but worked amazingly good out of the box.::V. R. Barot::4.0::January 6, 2014
R1DVJ99W1SR73C::it works very well::It works very well. What I don't like is every time power off.  I have to call REVO for reset otherwise you can not see remotely.::Weimin Qu::4.0::May 9, 2013
R2GBX6I9CVS634::Great camera set. One issue I wish I knew before purchasing.::I was pumped that when I received delivery, mine had an upgraded DVR to 4TB!  Night vision is incredible and is among the highest quality pictures I've seen.  The only thing I didn't realize when I purchased (although it's mentioned in the description) is that the 2 big cameras don't have cables to hook to the DVR. Had to purchase online separately which cost me an additional $120.::Andrew D Gardner::4.0::May 30, 2013
R2W36ZM9RDU2Z8::Great system, very little difficulty setting up remote viewing::I looked at a lot of systems and manufacturers befor settling on REVO. I was concerned that my ability to interface the DVR and my computer would be a problem based on numerouse comments online. However, it was really quite simple. The hardest part is selecting a location for the camera where you get the best coverage. I ran a cable from the DVR to the camera and taped tha camera to the wall/ceiling, as I doing this alone. Once the location of the camera was selected, running the wires through the hot Florida attic was a chore, but having both an access location for the DVR and snaking the wire into the eaves made the project easier.Once all cameras were plugged into the DVR, the LAN cable from the DVR connected to the router, and the DVR connected to a monitor, the setup program checks compatability and identifies ports, IP address, etc. Despite getting an affirmative response from the DVR, I was having trouble connecting to the website for remote viewing. One phone call to REVO, with a short wait time of approximately 5 minutes at 5:00 pm, and I was connected to Manny, who walked me through a program whereby he accessed my computer set all the parameters, and in the end told me that mu LAN cable, which was not new, was the problem, and to push the cables in again. Once that was done, I was up and running, although the Revo remote website is a little confusing, the manual is explicit and helpful.The cameras provide great daylight and evening pictures, the DVR was easy to setup, and thanks to Manny at Revo, the software setup was pretty easy. I just need to buy two more cameras, as it seems you can always find another angle to cover with an additional camera.Overall, I'm pleased with the system and the lifetime tech. support, and can not cite any cons at this time.::Keith Currier::5.0::July 15, 2013
R3NPXT35JAG6J::All-in-all an excellent system::I had never bought a security system before my boss told me to research and buy one. Knew nothing about them. After doing a lot of research, I choose this Revo system. While it is not clearly stated is that the two larger cameras have zoom lenses. You zoom them at install, and unless you get a ladder out, they are then fixed. This is a great advantage of this system. We installed a total of 13 cameras, and 12 of the 13 came up the first time, while the remaining one had a simple wiring problem that was easily fixed. Setting up the remote monitoring was pretty easy.There are only two negatives about the system. One is that the six bullet cameras are only 600 TVL, and are less clear than 700 TVL cameras. The second is that the DVR has 6 Revo RJ-style connectors, and six BNC connectors, which are more universal but more expensive to deal with. I wish it had all one or the other style.If I had to do it all over again, I would purchase this system again.*************** Update ****************A few months after installation, the company that shares our building (we use 80%, and they have 20%) had someone walk in and steal a laptop computer!While I had never done this before, about 15 minutes of playing with the system, and a USB USB Thumb Drive, and I had found the image of the guy who stole the computer! I copied it one the thumb drive, and provided it to the police. Considering that before this installation, I had ZERO EXPERIENCE with any surveillance system, I think speaks well of the both the software and the manual with the product.Without question, I would highly recommend a REVO system to anyone.::Colin Povey "cpovey"::5.0::November 6, 2013
R2Y35TD5BGWKP::Works fine::Customer service from revo leaves a lot to be desired. I have four of these systems in my stores and so far 14 months none has failed.::Yo::4.0::February 4, 2013
R37E0YL3S1HD77::Revo RE16BNDL20-4T::The 2 outdoor Elite Cameras that come with the kit are not plug and play they require an additional power supply and cable to function.::Bra::1.0::March 26, 2014
R1POBWH4390SN7::Very Easy::I bought this for a friend who needed survelance at his house.  He's not very tech savvy and he has this system figured out!  He even watches it from his laptop away from home with Revo Remote Pro.  This is an easy to install system as long as you have a place to run wires from the central hub to each camera.  EXCELLENT PURCHASE!::98KCN::5.0::August 26, 2013
R32DMGM9WFHPOG::Easy to install::Yes it is hardwired but it provides power to the camera as well as digital info.  I've mounted a camera over 160' away from the DVR and works great.::Clifton Deward::5.0::April 22, 2013
R3E3ANWQU5RX5E::GOOD DEAL::SYSTEMS IS AWESOME AND DEALS WAS GREAT. REVO IS THE BEST CAMERA SYSTEM TO HAVE FOR BUSINESS OWNERS. LOVE IT::Sarah Tobar::5.0::January 12, 2014
R1W0F8CY8ZNTFP::Good dVR system for the price (refurb)::I wanted to get this system as recommended by a friend of mine. I could not find the 8 camera configuration at a decent price. This one I bought was a refurb product but worked amazingly good out of the box.::V. R. Barot::4.0::January 6, 2014
R1DVJ99W1SR73C::it works very well::It works very well. What I don't like is every time power off.  I have to call REVO for reset otherwise you can not see remotely.::Weimin Qu::4.0::May 9, 2013
R1RVXAMM4EVO6O::I like it::I like the camera. The image is good, the color is better than CMOS cameras. This camera has more IR's than other 700TVL cameras. For $50 this was not a bad deal at all. The night vision is good.::T. Miller::4.0::January 11, 2013
RGOLH2D7KMK5Q::Great resolution, value, customer service::Excellent daytime image, actual nightvision (IR) range is closer to 40 than to 60 feet. Has a little bluish haze at dusk and dawn, when enough natural light is still available for the color circuit to be working, yet the IR lights are already on. The dynamic range of video could be better, but overall these cameras represent a great value.::Ferenc Szita::5.0::January 28, 2013
RNVHT8VI3X14Q::very good and convenient!::This Hootoo camera works as a reliable ccd camera. The daytime color is real nice and the night vision was better than I anticipated due to higher LED/c700tvl count. Im not sure on the exact range of the night vision, but it seems like it would easily reach across my 950 sq/ft house. The instruction manual is easy to read, and if you are saavy enough to setup a router at home, you can probably make do without it.Other thoughts: the build is solid, and the unit comes with a metalized body which is good for preventing vandalism. On the other hand, the glassy surface looks like it would be easy to scratch, so be careful when twisting the base and housing bezel together, and try to not use too much force. Overall, I have to say this is a great and inexpensive supplement cam for a security system and will be looking to purchase a few more.::usdigibuy::5.0::May 6, 2013
R2FTT2BK733CGC::Great Camera for the price..::Great resolution, you can see the 700 TV Line right away, just a great deal for the money. I needed something Overnight I was able to get this sent to me over night plug it up the next day and client was trilled. I will buy a few more in the very near future. Just a great deal if you want to have a little more then the normal Sony CCD camera.::James::4.0::March 15, 2013
R1A1P4IM10SEQ4::Good quality and Infrared works to about 20-25 feet in complete darkness.::I was very pleased with this camera. I added this unit to my CCTV home security system. I placed at the front door entrance to the house. I was very pleased with the finish on the camera. It looks very clean and professional.The quality of the picture is good, since I'm not running an HD setup. You can clearly make out the face of any person who walks up to the front door.Infrared works to about 20-25' in complete darkness. I was actually surprised at how well it worked.Overall, great camera for the price!::Cars-Trucks-Guns "-In God we Trust."::5.0::May 20, 2013
R2GBM4RC9Q0D8J::To Early to tell::I purchased the HooToo HT-CC003 Fixed Dome Infrared CCD Camera because of the high resolution of 700 TVL.  I just finished installing it.  At first the picture was great.  After viewing the camera for about fifteen minutes I began to get a glow and unclear picture.  I am going to leave it on all night in hopes that the camera will readjust itself and give me a better picture.  I don't know what the outcome will be but I will update you later as to whether I get a better picture.UPDATE:I unpluged the camera for hours in hopes that it would reset itself. It did not work.  During daylight the picture is good. That was the reason the picture was good when I first installed it and as darkness came I noticed the picture became poor to none.  This was a bad buy and I've got to send it back for a refund.::Ruso Minnifield "PrinceHappy2"::1.0::October 16, 2013
R364N0W6VBDF8D::Vivid colors and solid build::The HT-CC003 dome camera comes with a 12V DC AC power converter (100 - 240V AC). Its video connector is BNC that is designed for professional surveillance DVR that I don't have. There are converters to convert BNC to RF (cable TV) or RCA. They can be bought online for about $1. I used a BNC to RCA converter and plugged it into my LCD TV's composite video port. This RCA port is shared with my TV's component port. Make sure you don't use a converter to plug into the RF port (cable TV port). You can use the RF cable for cable extension, but you need to convert RF to RCA to plug into your TV. (If you want to use your TV's RF input, you need a RCA to RF signal converter that is powered. It costs around $15 online. Not a simple wiring conversion in this case because RF is high frequency signal while RCA is for low frequency. The camera won't work on the high frequency RF port without signal conversion). I am pleased by the vivid colors and crisp image (standard TV aspect ratio). It looks much better than on my LCD TV screen than on my old glass-tube TV that I also tested. The manual says the camera has 700 TV lines, much higher than the 420 TV lines for the HT-CC001 and HT-CC002 models. The camera has an expensive CCD image sensor instead of the less expensive CMOS sensor on most wireless IP cameras. IR illumination is excellent in total darkness because the camera has 48 IR light bulbs with a photosensor to turn them on automatically. Under total darkness, I can see B/W image. The camera has a professional-grade aluminum casing. The base is easily removed to access the 4 holes for mounting screws. The camera ball-shaped head can be rotated to aim at different directions including upside down. I did not test it outdoors although the camera is waterproofed for outdoor use.The drawback of this camera is that it is not IP based camera. You need a DVR or TV/monitor for it. For its designed purposes, it works well. I give it 5 stars.::New father::5.0::July 19, 2013
RYAVMEOU7IM0D::Excellent value for the price::This is a great ccd camera that performs better than typical cameras you see with CMOS chips. I have had it up and running for a week, and it has been reliable thus far. The color during the day is better than most DVR security systems and the night vision better than I had expect....most likely due to higher LED count and higher TVL count. The IR night vision seems to reach about 50 feet which is probably enough for most homes.My only complaint is that the documentation is not perfect. Hopefully this product will last years to come and will withstand the test of time since it is advertised as both an indoors and outdoors camera. I will be updating my review if needed, but for the time being, I can say that I am impressed.::Ivy Xu::5.0::March 19, 2013
R36A3E5FEUTNTM::What you pay is what you get.::Looks good, easy to install, does the job, clear image day and night. One of the them (bought 2 of them) had a wire connection failure after a month of usage though, and it was too late to return it.::OmarC::3.0::December 12, 2013
R26O2P750NG9IC::First one defective, replacement works fine::Originally reviewed this camera poorly as it had bad video quality and night vision didn't work at all.  After review seller contacted me and sent a replacement camera to try and see if the camera was defective.  The original camera was indeed defective as it was night and day in the quality between the two.  Giving it a full rating as seller was quick to get a replacement to me and I never fault a product if it arrives DOA unless the return or replacement is a hassle.  Also, video quality is just as good as other models I have hooked up to my system so I have no complaints and recommend if you need a dome camera hooked up to your system.::Jeremy Jurrens::5.0::November 1, 2013
R2O1R37XWK1BQF::Great view::This camera is simple and it looks absolutely great at night. Needless to say that the images are clear during the day.::Omega Wiring::5.0::November 1, 2013
R9J30Y8348PYT::*** AWESOME CAMERA, GREAT RESOLUTION, HIGHLY RECOMMEND ***::I ordered two of these cameras in September.  The image quality is much better than the Night Owl 600TVL cameras.  Awesome night vision.  I am very impressed.  This dome mount is much easier to install and aim compared to the complicated bullet-style cameras.  I'm definitely BUYING MORE!::J Cooper::5.0::October 22, 2013
R2A7GHXR5QVJH0::Fantastic quality camera for a beginner system::I bought this camera along with a Zmodo surveillance system for a new home i was building. it works great and I have this up above my front door and it works great and I get fantastic views of all the visitors both welcome and unwelcome that come to my door. this is one of the better cameras that i have seen for this price range. I am very happy with the end results.::Randi & John Huston::5.0::October 1, 2013
R3M1WSA6O9BS3P::Great camera day and night.::This a good camera with clear picture quality day time and night. Its a great camera for the price and Easy to install. Has 700TVL and 48 IR which is great at night. Arrived as promised by the seller. I installed it two days ago, and I am very happy with it so I just ordered another one. I will definitely recommend this camera.::ALLEN SALAMAT::5.0::August 23, 2013
R1C2RLDB0U5FX::HooToo HT-CC003::I have had this camera for two weeks.  It replaced a lesser quality camera, because I wanted a wider angle lens and sharper video.  It works good with the exist software I use; just connected it and got a wider and better video.  The camera covers our family room and the IR lights up the room so much at night that the IR LEDs from another camera do not turn on. The IR LED pattern is biased to the center, but so are all other cameras I have used. Too bad manufactures do not mount the LEDS so that they are arced a bit.I have other HooToo cameras that are wireless.  Like those, the shipping for this camera was fast. Assuming this camera continues to work well, I will be replacing another fixed camera for the same reasons.  In my opinion, the quality is very good for the price. Usually, Amazon has the best price, but I found another company that I use often that was a few dollars cheaper.::ed775::5.0::July 21, 2013
R1JWQUWY35CS6Y::HooToo Infrared Camera::Great camera, wide angle and great night vision can see very far at night but don't have any branches or leaves in front of camera at night it cuts down the distance of the infrared::kimie zajac::5.0::July 4, 2013
R3NEBHKDTPN5CO::There's not way this camera is 700 Tv line::I order the camera thinking About the video quality and there's no way the camera is 700 tv line the picture quality is good but not the best work great and is pretty compact camera honestly for the price is great::Vegas052::4.0::July 2, 2013
R1GAX3JW425TO2::Average Quality::I gave this item 4 stars mainly for the Company's follow-through and support.  I was looking for a High-Res, High-IR night vision security camera for a Primary location overlooking my driveway, because someone broke into my cars one night.  This camera is a good price for good, general use camera. The company addressed my concerns with this cam quickly.  I will probably have to pay three-times the cost of this camera to get the higher quality I need for my Primary Location.::GT "G T"::4.0::January 30, 2013
R23ZMXVNLEF8Z3::HT-CC003::compact, durable construction. Requires wiring to the monitor. I used a 100' cable and mounted it on the garage. The wide angle lens allows me to view both the driveway and the sidewalk to my house. Per instructions I mounted it in a shielded area underneath the soffit where it will get no rain, snow or direct sunlight. The camera resolution is fine for my 19 inch monitor however when viewed on a large screen TV it is a bit grainy. Color rendition is excellent and the US flag blowing in the breeze in the yard shows its red, white and blue colors very well. When mounting it such that you need to move the eyeball socket to an extreme angle make sure to move the internal socket such that the lens aligns with the cut-out in the socket else the reflection from the inside of the internal socket of the IR at night will cause halos and artifacts which block the view.I am spoiled by my wireless remote cameras with their brilliant colors and also being able to control the pan, tilt and zoom features of those cameras, however for an inexpensive way to monitor a fixed location such as my driveway, this camera meets all of my expectations.  Good job HooToo!other thoughtsThe output of this camera s NTSC video which is superior to the digitized output of the wireless IP cams.  When viewing motion video with this camera the motion is smooth and continuous.  With the IP cameras a high speed car or person running is captured at a given FPS and sometimes results in a partial image capture.  Not so with this camera. The output connector is BNC as described in the data so be sure to have BNC to RCA adapters if you are going to use a standard monitor or TV.::Misterfixit "misterfixit.com"::5.0::April 2, 2013
R47X9L2VXLW63::once again you get what you pay for::not a good camera for night view the day view is ok.If you want a good night camera dont get this one.::Frederick Schiele::2.0::August 4, 2013
R1N3PVVJOL88HZ::Good quailty - Night vision halo::I purchased two of these.  One by the front door and the other over the garage.  The camera housings are metal and made well (many of the cheaper have plastic housings).  Video quality is good.  One of the cameras (over garage) was almost totally washed out at night - bright white.  I took camera apart and noticed the foam around the lens was crushed.  I straightened it out and had minor improvements.  I noticed the LEDs were reflecting off the inside dome housing.  I painted the inside of the dome with flat black paint.  Now camera has white halo around all four edges.  Major improvement, and is now acceptable.  Good grief!::Robert T. Stone::4.0::July 20, 2013
RB6K547VXLNW9::A ROUND BRITE SPOT WITH IR ON AT NIGHT::LOOKS GOOD IN DAY TIME BUT AT NIGHT WITH INFOR RED ON THEBRITENESS IS IN THE CENTER AND THE OUTSIDE 25 %  IS NOT AS BRITEI HAVE ANOTHER WITH LESS IR S ( $20.00 CHEEPER ) THAT DOESN'T HAVETHAT PROBLEM  AND PEFORMES MUCH BETTER THAT IS THE ONE I WILL BUY AGAIN::JAKE::4.0::March 7, 2013
RN5YA6OF2QLFJ::Where do I start?::Not a good camera, bottom line!Daytime is fair, but camera is not even worth viewing at night time at all. The glass lens reflects back the infrared light and ghost images all around the outside view.Difficult to mount, easy to cross-thread if inexperienced with installation.Cheap, very very cheap. Look elsewhere for cameras.::Level1::1.0::July 5, 2013
R380N44Q2E7JUP::Would not recommend this product::This product is supposed to be a 700 line camera at night time. I could not see 10 feet away, which is telling me that the camera is junk my opinion, my Amazon::redbmw4545::1.0::February 3, 2013
R3QQ7JYGC0T12S::Worked great until....::Item worked great until it kept shutting itself on and off and my DVR sending me endless emails. I am sure mine was just defective so I wouldn't rule out this camera just because of my review. Amazon was made aware of this issue and just like Amazons top customer service, they took care of it right away!!!::David Crapanzano::3.0::May 18, 2013
R1X3A1JR9R5J8U::Its a camera and it work well::Its a camera and it work well.. Its a camera and it work well..... Its a camera and it work well::Fernando::4.0::February 15, 2013
R178EBGWDM74KW::Svat::Easy to set up cameras show great day and night pictures comes with everything you need to set it up::Lee::5.0::January 15, 2013
RVPO35HKANI47::Am Not Sure::I cannot fully review the cameras as I am waiting for the weather to break to install them.  I have opened the package and tried one of the cameras and they operate very easily and are very clear even in the dark.::Frank::4.0::February 16, 2013
R21VL7EGEYQMUN::Defender Security System::Purchased a Defender Security System in December and this has been one of my best purchases ever!!  This system is easy to use, cameras are high quality with video that is very clear.  There is no question that the recordings of this system would be VERY valuable in indentifing people that may be outside my home.  Love the access via smart phone form any location.  Would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a solid security system.::MGM::5.0::March 5, 2013
RP962HZCORNKI::Easy installation, great product::All you need to do is read and understand the included instructions...if not, then look on Youtube for demos (there are plenty out there). No hardware issues (see '2' below for additional step).I recently installed a home security system that is monitored through a local company. This radio was quick and easy to install; however, I do have some recommendations to future installers:1) On your control panel, if you don't have an LT-cable from Honeywell, it may be easier to unscrew the transformer from the wall to disconnect the power. Otherwise, you'll be walking back/forth to the circuit breaker.2) If you want the GSM to be the primary communication method to your monitoring company, you'll need to verify the setting. My Lynx 5100 touch didn't update the communication method and wouldn't immediately dial out when in test mode. There are details on this in the manual.::R. White::5.0::October 14, 2013
R22DCJ3QCIWAT::Pleasantly surprised::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4embeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4refresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4chiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4hiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4refresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so;	   


function cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4AMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.write("cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4flashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m16OOFP1O76A1T";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m16OOFP1O76A1T";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R22DCJ3QCIWAT";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m16OOFP1O76A1T/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4duration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4duration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4newHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4', 0, h);
}

function cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4resetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4newHeight(h);

  cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4so.write("cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4flashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4RollOverImg = new Image();
cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4RollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81pU0%2Bg5H-S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4preplay = document.getElementById('cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4preplayImageId');
if (cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4preplay) {
  cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4preplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81pU0%2Bg5H-S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4preplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81pU0%2Bg5H-S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4preplay.parentNode;

  var cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4currentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4currentClick) {
      return cv_moQ61XN5V23YH4currentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 0:14 MinsBumping up to a 1.3MP camera from the 0.3MP Apexis, EasyN, Foscam and Agasio that we usually get made quite a difference in image quality and night vision.Mounted it under an outdoor soffit, above the garage door, tucked in behind a downspout. Used a 1" hole saw to pass the connectors through and powered it with a D-Link POE: D-Link DWL-P200 Power Over Ethernet AdapterAmazingly, the image maintains brightness, color and clarity when it's almost dark. Switches to b/w infrared beyond that.Works well with Foscam Blue Iris Professional for your PC and the Android or iOS version of IP Cam Viewer Full enabling you to watch feeds from your tablet while you adjust the cameras.If you get the Android app from Amazon, it's available to all of your Android devices without having to pay each time, so we have it on the Kindle Fire, the Samsung Galaxy Tab and our HTC smartphones. With the $4 IP Camera Viewer, you can watch your feeds from anywhere there's internet.This video was captured by Dahua's Pro Surveillance System, which usually comes with the included CD. If not, it's also a free download from the MarsCCTV site.So far, Blue Iris Pro seems to have an easier time sensing motion and recording feeds in a more useful format.Update: We now have 16 of these Dahuas powered by four TP-LINK TL-SF1008P at three homes and a shop, all monitored by Blue Iris Pro. Four of these are also recorded by a 16-channel Dahua NVR: Dahua 16 Channel Vertical NVR It's like a tiny computer with two removable hard drive bays on the front. Add one or two 3TB hard drives, like WD Red 3TB - WD30EFRX and you'll have more than enough to watch your house while you're on vacation.::Jeffrey D. Emmert "I'm here because you broke...::5.0::July 26, 2013
R33JEQJN0XX0N2::Ease of use::Folks!!! for the price its a nice camera for your around the home use. All you need is a POE switch and to run a CAT5/CAT6 network cable to the location. Its very easy to setup, and the clarity is great, especially during the day. Night vision... its a bit choppy in low to dark areas. You can play with the video settings to fine tune it (left mine at default). Configured it to record to my NAS... if you already have one, does not require you to purchase a NDVR.::MTEK::4.0::October 1, 2013
R39Z06MZ4ILOE6::Good wide angle HD dome IP camera::1st up this is a do-it-yourself IP dome camera and is intended to be part of a system of products (DVR or NVR, router, monitoring software, etc). For information on the other parts of the system see my other product reviews - Q-See QCN7001B  720p HD Weatherproof IP Bullet Camera & Blue Iris Pro Surveillance Software. When you purchase this camera you will get a brown box with the camera itself, mounting hardware (including mounting template) and a mini CD with software/user manual package. Although you get less in the box than you would with a full retail product - there is no POE injector included for example - you pay significantly less than a full retail product. I already had my network and Blue Iris Pro Surveillance Software (which I highly recommend) set up for monitoring/recording, and I simply added this camera to it. It's worth noting that I really like the POE feature of this camera - it saves you from having to mount the camera near a power outlet and only one cable is needed.This dome camera has the same "cons" as the Q-See bullet model - the cable (ending with power and network connectors) coming out the rear is a little short (it's only about 18" long) & the hole required to pass the cable through the wall needs to be ~ 1 1/8" or so. As with the QCN7001B review, I only took off 1 star total for these minor complaints as I was able to work around them.This camera has the same great video quality as the Q-See QCN7001B at the highest resolution of 1280 x 720. Video clips (triggered by motion) and still images are crisp and well-defined. I have the camera mounted over my garage door overlooking the driveway (replacing the Q-See camera) and found that the FOV is almost perfect. The dome camera has a 3.6 mm lens (vs the Q-See's 6 mm lens) and a lot more of my driveway width is now in view of the camera. The dome camera does have a bit of a "Fish Bowl" look to it due to the wider FOV, but that is to be expected. As a side note, both cameras seem to be exactly the same with the exception of the lens and camera housing type. As stated above, the same short power/CAT5 cable and large/attached CAT5 female plug are also present on the dome model.Like the Q-See QCN7001B, this is a great camera with a few (slightly) annoying design choices. It DOES work pretty darn well when used in the right scenario. Just do a little research to make sure what your needs are prior to ordering.::Bill A "Angus"::4.0::July 30, 2013
R207FC1Z3IRIUI::Not Bad::not bad for the money. in the daylight looks great at nite it needs adjusting. it is easy to adjust, dont bother with the zoom its worthless. the first click it pixelated so bad it was useless.HD720p should be better than that.::Ed Barkman::4.0::December 8, 2013
R1LKAGNQB1EGNK::Mostly good news.  I will buy more of these.::PROs:  Great picture quality and color rendition.  Easy to adjust aim.  Camera was quickly and immediately found by my Q-See 816 NVR device. (My Q-See device was manufactured in Sept 2013).  Fast update/response time.  Does not put out SO much data that it "clogs" my NVR.CONS:  The template sticker they give you to guide drillng the holes is inaccurate, misleading and aggravating.  The screws are cheap.  Suggestion:  use your own #6 X 1" or longer as needed. Camera is not all that "vandal proof" and probably not intended for a lot of rain/snow exposure.Closing:  I will probably be buying more of these.::YeahSoMaybe? "computersandmusicperson"::4.0::November 23, 2013
RBSBNZZ8H7MM9::Good HD IP camera on the cheap::Dahua makes a good reliable indoor/outdoor camera.  I have several of these and use them with Blue Iris and they work very well.  Solid night vision.::Triton of MA::5.0::October 19, 2013
R3FO7AADT2N13N::Great camera for the money::Good Clear picture and it is exceptional brightness at night when compared to other IR cameras.  Easy to mount and setup.::Alex K.::5.0::October 7, 2013
R29D4T816MC9PW::Good camera,::Shipment is fast, camera arrived new condition, all worked, Very sharp picture, I had 1080p camera, almost the same with this 720p very happy with this ebayer.::Simple Man::5.0::January 7, 2014
RFH5EA64DXW4M::Special thanks to the company::It  is what I wanted  it totally work the way I spected thank you Zmodo for having great deals on surveillance camaraderie system::efrain perez::5.0::December 28, 2013
RGJSISPPHXJ91::Works Good::Yep....Buy it if you need it!!!!!! Came on time and I an Happy. I have to say more to make::Brenda Boyd::5.0::January 31, 2013
R2C0F3GAL7DWEU::Very sueful small TV or monitor::I bought a Sourcingbay 12 inch TV for a security monitor . That is so good, Small, clear and very useful base design. Hope it will be use longer.::Bin Shen::5.0::January 7, 2014
R1AB0TPVC7SVQ7::Cheap, Small, Good for Occasional Use::I bought this monitor to attach to a Mac Mini that I use as a server.  The main features I was looking for were a tiny screen and HDMI.  This monitor seems like the best bang for the buck there.  It works fine and even has a completely unnecessary remote.  The picture quality is fair at best.  Perhaps it is a conflict with the Mini; but it says it is putting out 720p.Works fine for my needs. But if you needed to look at this screen for any length of time, I would pass.::wbs::3.0::December 5, 2013
R375DCMNZ0O7FH::Works Great::Great camera. Was somewhat easy to setup (I work in the computer field). May be a little harder for a novice to setup, but if they get detailed instructions from website it should be easier. The video is very impressive (with an AMD Radeon with 256MB), just make sure you have a good video card (my laptop has an Intel video with 64MB and the video isn't that great).Before installing, go to the manufacturers website and download the updated software (setup/searcher, viewer and manual). Beware, there are 2 websites (a .net and a .com). Make sure you go to the .com. The .net is either fake or some other company. You will not find this camera on the .net site.One more thing. If you buy another model make sure it is a model from the .com manufacturer (the .net site has similar cameras with similar model numbers).For outdoor use search YouTube for making your own acrylic dome, not hard.I will be buying another 3 cameras soon.::Donald Durand::5.0::February 18, 2013
R1WDSXBY6KOK8C::Security cameras::I must say this product has a great price point and works very well. I installed a 1TB hard drive and the total cost for the 4 camera system came in at under $200. Works well with windows but does not work on my Android phone. I use Log-Me-In to view on my phone and it works great.Good product at a good price.I give it 4 stars::Big Ben "BB"::4.0::January 25, 2013
RI6130KGBNBKX::Great Product!!!::Easy to setup. Easy to install HD and software setup was fine. Setup needs to show what ports need to be open in setup.::CG::5.0::January 11, 2013
R1S6CPJHKQUXWC::Great system and works well!::Well I had a system that I bought just out right not work right. It would black out and reset itself and not keep the time. It was a great system as far as features and the software and the programming it had. Just wish it had worked. So I bought this system thinking its another cheap system same things going to happen with in a few weeks. But now I have had it about two months and am really liking it. It works well and is stable! (At least the TV's remote did not interfere with it! Last one any remote would cause it to mess up.) It has good quality and is good with play back. So far a good cheap system go ahead and pick this or another by Zmodo. It does have internet viewing but only for one person at a time my other box had multiple users/viewer and logs and more. Good motion detection is better than what I was dealing with the last box. Multi-View for all channels is good to! Searching for videos works but not as good as the box I had before. It could use some upgrading but works fine. Set was really easy, install cams than connect to box and their all video started to work. If not real easy to figure out the setting any how! So now I feel comfortable and at peace with this system running (already caught some things I wanted to!!!)::rodwarrix "Rod Warrix"::5.0::February 20, 2013
R1CDL2NV58IQ6N::Nice system::I used this system for my business and I love it. Its easy to install and the features are easy to understand::james785::5.0::August 20, 2013
R3DZG06X44KPCG::Protection top notch gr8 price::On time. as expected. tech help gr8. easy setup on Android. Price best in web. Use CCD not CMOS cams. 65' cables good enuf for row home.::Christopher McCouch::5.0::October 6, 2013
R1DJM9OR4G9LDZ::ok::null::christopher serrnat::3.0::February 24, 2013
RIFLX7WLHWIRU::You get what you pay for::It works, not on my iPad but that's another story.Do not bother to contact Zmodo itself, they will not cannot help you with set up. You need a basic knowledge of port forwarding on a router or it will not work.The cameras are mediocre quality picture wise but you can see. I don't think they could last a month outdoors. If you need outdoor cameras, these will rot before sun up.So, the system works with your intuitive extensive IT abilities. The cameras work but don't ask me to pick someone from a police line up-they all look alike. Stay indoors.I guess the next option up will triple the price but they will see your face, last years outside and have trouble free viewing.::David::3.0::February 22, 2013
R3CE4UO6FOEZLX::All 8 cameras were defective.::All 8 cameras were defective.  I have been trying to get my cameras with this system along with 4 from another system replaced for over 3 months.  All the cameras and the VCR from the other system were defective.  You would think after purchasing two systems and receiving over 90% of it defective that they would be very cooperative in getting you replacements ASAP.  Over three months and many letters and phone calls and I still have a VCR that supposedly had the hard drive replaced that still doesn't work properly and can't seem to get the company to replace the cameras.  They currently have one of my cameras that they tested, which they lost at one time.  The agreement was if this camera was bad they were going to send me replacements.  They changed their mind.  There is a one year warranty on their product, but doesn't seem to be true.  Don't buy this system!!!  The product is lacking and they certainly don't stand behind their warranties.::DEBRA K.::1.0::November 17, 2013
R1UKH1LTA3J630::we caught neighbor breaking into other neighbor's car::A must have for every home. if something happens then just view footage.  law enforcement liked it too. easy to use::atireman4u::5.0::April 30, 2013
R2K7NEWF7FZZ6I::EXCELENT::Very good product, the cameras despite being small fully comply with its purpose, the image quality is unmatched, the DVR with 1TB hard drive is more than enough, the installation is easy, and also settings, cables electricity and video are of excellent quality, the only thing I did not like was the packaging of the cameras, very poor, should improve the packaging:::HASSAN AYOUB::5.0::February 24, 2013
RIG9O6U2PLGJT::Amazon & Kramer have the quality gear we need::Kramer has the quality gear we need & rely on. This part was delivered on time & ready to get to work.Will buy again!::Jeff::5.0::January 14, 2014
RMGN4P50TVE2Y::Doesn't see IR, but good camera for regular light, & 3x zoom works great::Well, the camera arrived on time, and I installed it. This is my fourth HooToo ptz camera, but the first one of this style with the enclosure, that I've purchased. It configured easily. Took about an hour to get it set up and tested for the features I use, and about 30 minutes to mount.There was a quality control problem, which was somewhat easily solved. Although, it's a "gotcha" and would most likely drive a less experienced person crazy (I'll go over that further down in this review). The physical installation went well, but again, there is one small design flaw that was annoying, and which added maybe ten minutes to the process. However, over all, it was pretty easy and painless.The camera was shipped and delivered on time. Out of the box, it was in good shape, and all components were there. I was pleased to see a 6dbi antenna, instead of the usual 3dbi that come with these low-end cameras. I did not have to do any readjustments or tweaks to the optics. Picture is Chrystal clear, and the 4x mechanical zoom is sweet. The ptz movement is nice and smooth, too.Initial configuration of the camera is exactly like all the other cameras in this class (Hootoo, and other brands). Connect it directly to the router, via ethernet, find it's ip, connect and play with it to make sure everything works, and then set the admin password, ssid, wireless security configuration, etc. Then, disconnect the ethernet and test for wireless connectivity. This all went fast and easy.I then took it out to the location and mounted it. It is a nice compact unit, but it is difficult to get a screwdriver to the screws. I had to remove the camera and housing from the base so that I could get a screwdriver to the mounting screws. Then, once the base is screwed down, remount the camera. Not real difficult, but I managed to lose two of the teeny tiny screws that hold the camera to the base. and now have to find a couple more that fit. Not a huge problem, but annoying!The primary "gotcha" was the fact that the MAC address listed on the camera housing was not the actual MAC address of the camera! I found that out when I was trying to reserve an ip address , and set port forwarding for the camera (to view remotely, via DDNS). I had copied the MAC down from the one listed on the camera housing, but that was not the same address that the camera reported to the router. The MAC that the router sees is the "real" MAC address. The one listed as "Device ID" in the "Device Status" window (in the on-board management software) is also correct. The one on the case was 100% different (i.e. not a typo, or incremented by one, etc). This is sloppy quality control on the part of HooToo, and will probably prevent many people who buy their product from being able to set up DDNS!The software cd that came with this camera is not too good either. I installed it just to see what it was, but intend to uninstall it. I don't think it would be real helpful in setting up the camera, and probably will add some confusion for the novice, or someone who has not dealt with these cameras before. Also, the little manual that comes with it is good for comedy relief, but not much else.And finally, the camera does not see infrared. At night it will only see areas lit with normal light ... So, if you have a well lit area, then go for it.This camera will work well for anybody that does not have a need for night vision. The 4x mechanical zoom is awesome. For those installing it, remember to verify the MAC via the router and/or with the management software in the camera. Also, the CD and manual that comes with it are pretty much useless, but this is no different than any other security camera in this class (including the more expansive Foscam). I did give 4 stars due to the lack of IR, but all other features of the camera are very good.========================================NOTE: My original review of this camera was pretty harsh, because of the lack of night vision. I have changed my review, due to the extremely good customer service of Sunvalleytek. It has been amazing! They immediately went to work setting things right. Paid for the return of this camera, and sent me a replacement camera, which does have night vision.Sunvalleytek provides good quality products, and superb customer service. I am now very satisfied with this Amazon purchase from Sunvalleytek.::Radio Relay::4.0::January 5, 2013
R2UXWAUKNW3BLW::Descent, wish the video didn't have the grain::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2embeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2refresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2chiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2hiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2refresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so;	   


function cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2AMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.write("cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2flashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m1Q03EH19BATDX";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m1Q03EH19BATDX";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R2UXWAUKNW3BLW";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m1Q03EH19BATDX/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2duration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2duration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2loadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2loadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2newHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2', 0, h);
}

function cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2resetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2newHeight(h);

  cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2so.write("cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2flashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2RollOverImg = new Image();
cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2RollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91FfZMXx-qS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2preplay = document.getElementById('cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2preplayImageId');
if (cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2preplay) {
  cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2preplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91FfZMXx-qS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2preplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2preplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91FfZMXx-qS._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2preplay.parentNode;

  var cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2currentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2currentClick) {
      return cv_moF4USCSFMGSG2currentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 2:50 MinsThe video quality is grainy.  I wish some other people would post a video or snapshots of their camera so I could have compared it against others.  I am not sure if my camera is defective or if all of them are like this.Unboxing was easy.  You must unscrew the dome, counter-clockwise, to get the foam out of the dome.  It was EXTREMELY difficult to unscrew the dome.  I wish I would have read that on here.  Putting it back on was easier as I took a dot of dish soap and put it on my finger and went around the threads on the dome and was careful not to cross thread it when I put it back on.  Just be aware that the dome may be VERY difficult to get off.The software that came on the CD was not useful to me.  I used the Ethernet cable and plugged it into my router so it would get an IP address.  I went into the router and determined what the IP address was under DHCP client list.  It was easy to identify as the hostname appeared as ipcam or something like that.  I then hit the IP address with my browser (Chrome), logged in as admin and a blank password, and set the network settings.  I set my camera to have a static IP, otherwise I'd be playing guess the IP every time my router reboots.  Then I went into the wireless settings, clicked scan, clicked scan again, selected my wireless network, set the security settings (look on your wireless router security settings for the correct encryption settings), put in the wireless password (I really hope you have one), saved the settings, put some user accounts on it, and unplugged the Ethernet cable.  I then tested it to make sure it worked on the wireless.  I then mounted it to a wall, outside.You will need to drill a 7/8" hole, possibly 1", to stick the cables through.  I was a bit disappointed there wasn't a harness you could disconnect so you could drill a smaller hole.  I didn't end up drilling a hole and ran the cable up under my eve since I mounted it on a shed building.  The camera pans all the way around no problem.  You can adjust the left and right endpoints of the horizontal pan by using the two small screws at the top where the top of the dome connects to the mount.  I mounted mine to the corner of my shed to get even a better viewing angle.  I did this by bending the mounting bracket ears to about 45 degrees instead of the 90 degrees they were originally at.  I did that using a vice, vice grips, and then finally mounted one ear of the bracket and then held the camera securely with one hand while tapping the other ear with a hammer to get it flat against the wall.  Holding the camera made sure it didn't get the vibration from tapping on the mount with the hammer.  Mounting was quick, it only took me less than half an hour.  Once it is mounted, get power to it and you're good to go.One thing I am disappointed in is the vertical pan.  It can't pan up past the dome.  So essentially I can't get a picture up hill.  That is aggravating for me since my camera is mounted at the bottom of a hill where my horses are.  It would have been great at the top of the hill!  I figure most of them have this limitation, but I thought I would point it out.  Technically if the camera were lower in the dome and then allowed to pan upwards more, it would be possible to make a PTZ that could pan up higher, so maybe the expensive ones do.  Horizontally you couldn't ask for more.  Unless you mounted it to slim pole or hung it by a string, the camera's blindspot is simply your wall, which you don't need to see.  The zoom is ok, the optical 3x is better than nothing.The web interface is easy to use.  If you want to use IE to use the ActiveX component, which allows you to record video (that is what I used for the video), then you'll need to go into IE, add it to your local intranet zone or trusted sites zone, and configure the local intranet zone (or trusted sites zone) to prompt for installing and running activex by untrusted publishers.  For goodness sake don't do this for your Internet zone for security reasons.  Personally I use Chrome or Firefox most of the day so I don't care for the ActiveX component.I was able to easily poke a hole through my router.  The camera only works on port 80 so it is disappointing that your credentials are being transmitted over the net in plain text.  Hence, use a password you don't care to lose.  I used my router settings to put it on a different port on the outside of my router since I don't like running things on port 80.Personally I use IP Cam Viewer (by Robert Chou) for Android to view it remotely.  All the PTZ functions work with it.  I found an article on the Zoneminder forums about getting the HooToo cams to work with Zoneminder, although I couldn't get it to work in 90 seconds so I gave up for the moment.I will be curious how well the mount and dome stand up over a couple years outside.  They seem painted good so let's hope for the best.  The dome has a rubber seal so I don't expect it to get condensation in it.My primary purpose was to add to several other bullet cameras I currently use on two other systems.  I wanted to be able to pan around and watch my horses in the pasture while being able to track anything else I wanted.  I should also mention I am on satellite Internet since we can't get DSL or cable in the boonies.  It seems to work fine, although because of the satellite latency the PTZ is not as quick as if you are sitting at your computer at home.  However, it's good enough for me.  I'll use the bullets to identify someone if God forbid I had to, and this HooToo to be able to give me peace of mind watching my horses in the pasture.UPDATE:  I did contact HooToo support who offered to refund my money for the camera.  I am in the process of obtaining a new CMOS sensor board (the part that captures the image) to see if I can get a better picture from the camera.  If so, I will post an updated video and would definitely give the product a higher rating.::M. Jenkins::3.0::June 13, 2013
RK0KJ2IQKC1DU::Nice outdoor pan tilt zoom camera with night vision::The setup for this camera is nearly identical to the other brands on here, and if you run into any problems there's a wealth of info on the forums. It always helps to do some research first, and it can save you a lot of headaches especially if you are not the tech saavy type.Overall, I was surprised how easy this was to setup. I basically just plugged it into my router via a cat5 to access the web interface, setup the wifi, then moved it to my place of choice.  I was happy with the quality of the video and smoothness of the pan & tilt, and the  zoom in/out function is a plus.  The infrared night vision works great, and for android phones, I recommend the TinyCam monitor pro app for $3.99 which works with the Kindle Fire as well.Unfortunately, this doesn't have a mic/speaker so look elsewhere if you need one with that feature. However for an outdoors camera, I would say it isn't really needed.::HelloKitty::5.0::June 14, 2013
R3JCPGH341D4H5::Excellent camera...especially for the price::The quality of the camera is great and it isn't too painful to setup. I have five Hoo-Too cameras around the house (inside and outside). I don't have Ethernet throughout the house, so the wi-fi is key.Their customer service is awesome. I had one issue with a part and they handled it immediate and sent me a replacement without any hassle.Consideration for Mac and iOS users: The software isn't very Mac or iOS friendly. The only browser that supports seeing all cameras at one time in a grid is IE (because it requires ActiveX...hence Windows only).::Wildcat Smer::5.0::April 6, 2013
R8RCMM27YGGCU::Good quality picture for daytime or with supplemental light.::I bought this camera to use as a barn cam to view my cattle while they are calving.  It arrived in good condition and installation was tricky but acceptable for someone with computer/network experience.  The IP Camera Tool software that comes with the camera is useful for obtaining the IP address.  It is necessary to have DHCP enabled on your router for the tool to locate the ip address.  The IPCamClient software that came with the camera is good and allows up to 64 cameras to be attached, and port forwarding to view the camera remotely.  There are only 9 preset positions, but otherwise it works well.  I found an updated software version on the web that worked better than the version on the disk, which seemed to have some glitches.  The picture quality is quite good when there is adequate lighting.  Daytime viewing is in color which is accurate, but night time switches to b/w.  The IR led lights around the housing cast a limited amount of light in total darkness, but seem to help when there are some lights on.  The zoom is a useful feature but could be higher power.  Auto focus, white balance, and iris function are good. PTZ control is good wired but a little jumpy when used wireless.  Once you have your presets set it works well.  I have tried this camera in two locations.  The first was outside mounted on a yard light pole.  Daytime viewing was good, but nighttime was not bright enough.  The second location is in a 40X80 calving barn.  With several lights left on this camera is working well, but in total darkness you will only see shadows up to about 20 ft.  I purchased a Loftek camera after this one because it looked identical and was cheaper, but the picture quality has not been as good.  Overall, this is a good camera for daytime use and with supplemental lighting.  The lens is good quality and the camera seems to be well made.  It has been operating for about a week.  I will update after I have used it for a longer time.::Media Maniac "David"::4.0::March 2, 2013
R201040M5YEC83::Just What I Needed!::I've been wanting an outdoor IP cam to watch birds. This camera fit right into our Apple Airport network - it was easily set up using Safari. It can't accept passwords with anything other than numbers & letters in them when joining the wireless network. I use Evocam software to serve streams to the internet - which was easy using the 'Foscam' preset. I really like this sturdy camera - the day and night images are great!::Leslie J Michel::5.0::March 26, 2013
R1XLFS7RXSM3N3::Excellent value IP camera::Shortly after delivery, this camera was up, installed, and fully operational in very little time.Pros:1. Camera does what it is advertised to do.2. I'm able to access and configure it on my mac using the safari browser with no need for any additional software.3. The camera's built in software can be set snap photos and email (or FTP) them upon a motion trigger.Cons:1. Mounting arm could be more sturdy, but it does get the job done.2. Configuration software/menus used for camera settings are functional, but a bit arcane.Other:For those unfamiliar with CCTV camera lenses, the included 6mm is a bit more zoomed and narrower than other models with the wider 3.6mm lens like the HT-IP212F:HooToo HT-IP212F Outdoor Wired/Wireless Waterproof Network IP Camera, 1/4" CMOS Sensor, M-JPEG Video Format, Built-in 24-LED Illuminators (Night Vision Up To 20 Meters), Embedded IR Filter for Much Real Colors, FTP Image Upload, Motion Detection & Emai...Get the one that best fits your needs.  This camera (with the 6mm lens) is perfect for viewing an area from a distance or for viewing a limited area such as a doorway.  It should be noted that after the cam was installed and operational, I had a quick email question for HooToo support, and they got back to me very quickly, during hours that I was not expecting a response (late night, weekend).::-Water Rat-::5.0::April 5, 2013
R1CEX4JFK62OQQ::IP006N PTZ IP cam. WOW.::After good experiences with three of the less expensive HooToo pan/tilt (PT) IP210F and one of the fixed outdoor IP212F cameras (and a large array of other-brand commercial IP cams installed at work), I decided to try the more expensive pan/tilt/zoom (PTZ) IP006N outdoor camera. The Amazon price for each the first two types of IP cams was $70. This more expensive version combines outdoor protection with the pan-tilt capabilities to the first camera, adds zoom, and maintains night vision. Its current Amazon price is $250.Out of the well-packed box, the camera appears to be solid and of a much higher quality than the other HooToo cameras I've already installed. Much more of the camera is metal and the form factor is pleasing. Another reviewer wrote that the camera is beautiful and I agree.Unlike the other HooToo cams, which I mounted inside and onto a house, I chose a harsh outdoor environment about 100 feet away from the house, where the camera is exposed to salt-water spray and heavy weather. This required construction of a mounting post, a trench for a buried power cable, and over two months of experimentation with various mounting and wiring configurations.For those familiar with the HooToo web-based programming interface, the setup is identical for this camera when compared with the other two HooToo's IP cam products I already own (five other cams). Programming any IP camera (whether HooToo or not) requires a fair amount of computer experience and patience. Even with a fair background in network technology, I found the learning curve steep with the first cams. However, having programmed five other cams in the past year (both wired and wireless on a network with bridged extensions), programming was familiar and uncomplicated with this new IP006N camera.For those unfamiliar with IP camera programming, the basic steps involve accessing the camera via a browser-based interface accessed on a LAN while the camera is plugged into an open Ethernet port on a same-network router. After accessing the camera, a port number must be assigned, wireless access enabled (with network settings and password) and Internet access programmed. Security settings, device names, email notification, and dozens of other settings can be configured as well.To allow Internet access to the camera, the network router must next be accessed to (1) configure a fixed LAN IP address for the MAC camera identifier and (2) open the router port to allow access to the LAN from the Internet. To reiterate, all of these steps are shared by other brands and models of IP cameras, so nave users should not be too quick to criticize HooToo if they have difficulties setting up their IP cams. For the non-tech-oriented user, this technology is complex and is best done by someone with network programming experience.For what it's worth, one of the reasons I initially chose HooToo over competing brands was its reputation as a company that prizes its customer service support. As other Amazon reviewers have commented, I found this to be completely true, and was more than impressed by HooToo's service accessibility, patience, and willingness to assist me with any question I raised about setting up any of its products. As a typical example, when one of my HooToo cams lost its dedicated web-accessible IP address, customer service sent me a specific personalized protocol to reset the cam, providing me with a new unique IP address for Internet camera access. This obviously took a fair amount of effort and time on their part and is not the kind of service I've ever received from other tech companies unless I was paying for tech support services (Microsoft, Apple, and HP come to mind).I've now had the camera working and under testing for about two months. No fault of the camera itself, but it took me a month to work out the installation and power kinks to get the camera to stay on and not repeatedly reset itself. Because of this experience and the limited number of reviews thus far (since it's a relatively new HooToo product as of November 2013), I'm going to list my criticisms of the camera before reporting further on its virtues.CONS:First, I found that the nominal operating voltage range for this camera is a bit tighter than the prior HooToo cameras I already installed. For comparison, the IP210F cams operate on 5VDC. In reality, I feed several of these IP210Fs using both the included AC bricks as well as lead-acid batteries off of a PV energy house system. Doing so, I've found the IP210F cam operates from a range of about 4.5-6.5VDC. It may operate at higher voltages too, but I don't want to risk burning out the main board by experimenting. Likewise, I've found the fixed outdoor IP212F operates from a range of about 11.5-14.5VDC.In contrast, this camera, the IP006N, has a narrower operating voltage range, about 12.0-13.0VDC. Above and below this range, the camera sometimes drops off the network or resets itself.Second, the wiring bundle (including connectors for Ethernet, microphone, speaker, and power) is not weatherproof and must be enclosed in a box to protect it from water and corrosion. I mounted a box on the pole beneath the camera for this purpose.Third, it took me several days to figure out that the protective dome unscrews to provide access to the camera itself, and that the reason I couldn't get the camera to fully pan or tilt was because the inner camera (under the dome) had been wrapped in foam to protect it during shipping. Opening the dome and removing the foam easily solved that problem. Incidentally, the camera is set up to be mounted with the dome down. (I originally mounted it dome forward and couldn't figure out why the pan and tilt controls were not intuitive. This was fixed as soon as I remounted it dome down.)My fourth criticism has to do with the apps that I use to control our cameras and view the images. Our technology is Apple-based, and Safari's interface doesn't allow easy control of any of HooToo's cams. (FireFox on Windows doesn't either.) Based on other Amazon reviews, I tried several iDevice-based apps and found the greatest functionality through the app, IP Cam Viewer Pro. This actually works better than the app suggested by HooToo's customer service. Nevertheless, when the IP006N is accessed over the Internet, any pan or tilt commands result in sending the camera to the extreme edge of its visual range, rather than simply advancing the camera a few degrees at a time. This is not a problem for the IP210F cams or when accessing the IP006N over the LAN.Fifth, the video recording feature on this (and all HooToo cameras) is not understandable. I can take still shots easily, saving them to a computer or device, or emailing them on the fly. Nevertheless, I am unable to figure out how to access video recordings I take on this or any HooToo camera.Lastly, at least one other reviewer has commented that the IP006N dome is not entirely waterproof. In two months of use, I've not noted this problem despite having had several major rain and windstorms. However, after reading about this possibility, I did ensure that the dome was fully screwed on after mounting the camera.PROS.For the price, the quality of this camera is unbeatable. Combined with customer support, I absolutely recommend this above the competition. HooToo actually mailed me a replacement IP006N after my initial one dropped off our network and I couldn't figure out how to reset it. (After much troubleshooting, it's possible that that problem was due to voltage fluctuations on our 12VDC buried cable rather than camera itself. Whatever the case, the new camera worked when the initial one did not.)Image quality is a major improvement over the less expensive indoor and outdoor HooToo cams that I have scattered around the house and porches. The ability to magnify images on the fly is something I always thought might be nice, but after seeing the quality of the IP006N video magnification, optical zoom functionality is something I now consider essential rather than simply optional.Brightness in day and dusk light settings is good. Night color correction is still a bit lacking, but better than non-corrected images from the other cameras. As other reviewers have noted, the infrared LED night illumination is limited to the area immediately around the camera. (Expecting more illumination is analogous to using a flash on a camera to take a night image of a football field. External lighting is required for such photos.)Overall, this new HooToo offering provides customers with a high-quality weatherproof, PTZ IP camera at a great price point. After some initial installation and setup issues, I now have wireless access to superb video from over 100 feet from the nearest router in a harsh outdoor environment. HooToo offers excellent support despite the complex technology and setup required. The camera has excellent daytime and good night images, near 360 panning, great zoom features, and an interface accessible with user-friendly apps. Similar offerings by other companies simply fall short.::James Li::5.0::November 6, 2013
R47PDLW4HKSIK::Regular camera with rich functions::This is actually a regular outdoor camera (appearance) comes with many rich functions, I can get it to work on my pc, laptop and also my iphone and pad, for this price, I must say it is unbeatable, but unless you are technical enough, you are likely to run into problems installing this unit. I posted a comment in answering how to set up the camera at the bottom of the product page, I hope it helps.::CaptainR::5.0::July 12, 2013
R11MTOOCK3PFSG::Great for Monitoring on a Budget::Wasn't expecting too much at this price point, but I was wrong. First off the casing is solid and looks well constructed, the software on the site and the instruction manual were in English and easy to follow. There are even video examples at the HooToo site. Only problem I had was that I needed to turn of Mac address filtering on my wireless router in order to get it to work wirelessly. If you have an  iPhone be sure to get the app that goes with it so you can look at feeds from your phone. Email alerts are a nice feature-- sending motion detection pictures that are better than expected.::jack::5.0::July 25, 2012
R3KK03EBR9LT0::Poor image/picture quality::Just installed and using Blue Iris software. When compared to other cams the image quality is about half as clean/crisp. Since this was half the price of the Panasonic wireless cams I have I figured I would give it a try....unfortunately I will not be ordering more of these cams.::Ray@iQ::3.0::November 4, 2013
RWM96MW8CA5JR::Very very nice camera::This is a very fine camera.  It even sees in the dark .  Sometimes computers/routers  do inexplicable things.  Our computer/router did not want the camera to be wireless and after talking to the company we were going to return the camera, but after letting it sit for a couple of days, tried one more time and it works perfectly.  Wired, wireless, daytime, night time and during heavy rain although it is way back under a wide eave.  The company was very nice to us, and as soon as I can find another one of these cameras online I will buy it.  The camera sees a lot but my area is fairly large and I think two will be better.  We are very pleased.  We live in the country and had an attempted break in at 2 in the afternoon when I was home !!  We are too far from anywhere to have regular security service, but installed a driveway alarm and this camera - so at least I would have known when the robber drove up the drive.  Anyway I feel somewhat better.::M. Chapin "gardener"::5.0::June 10, 2013
R14ZGIC40U41XZ::Great Camera for Online viewing::Good camera with a decent picture.  I mounted this in an upstairs window to keep an eye on my courtyard.  The PTZ function works flawlessly.  The set-up was very simple. Overall, amazing camera for the price.  This is a perfect solution to log into your camera system software online from anywhere in the world and see what's going on at your house/business/etc.  Additionally, Sunvalleytech's customer service was AMAZING - a lost art in today's world.  Overall, pleasantly pleased with the product and the experience.  Keep in mind, this camera is not onvif compatible.  So if you have a NVR that requires onvif compatibility, this camera will not function through your NVR.  Again, this is a perfect online solution camera.::vtjcole::5.0::June 20, 2013
RL3ODEC9HC5LQ::Solid Outdoor IP Camera at a Great Price::I did a ton of research debating the different outdoor IP cameras on the market, and end-up choosing this model.  I have 4 IP camera in and outside the home with motion detection setup on each using ftp to load images to a server.  I'll start with the bad, but since I gave this camera 5 stars the bad isn't actually that bad.  I'm the type of person who like to make sure the firmware is the latest version before I get started.  If you're like me you'll notice version 41 is the latest version on hootoo website, while version 49 is on the camera.  Don't attempt to put the old version 41 on.  If you try like me, you'll need to load the cd that comes with the camera to get the firmware back to a workable version (I couldn't find it online).  However, during this process I called HooToo (Sunvalleytek) office to see if they could help.  I was surprised to have someone immediately answer the phone and quickly get my issues resolved.  They even offered to RMA my product at no charge even though it was just a firmware update.  I've been so please with the company and the camera and company that I just ordered another.  Thanks to Winnie & Raymond at Sunvalleytek to give me the confidence in their company.  The other thing that made me hesitant about buying it was; it wasn't an amazon prime item.  I get spoiled with the 2 day shipping.  You'll be happy to know that Sunvalleytek sends their items USPS 2 day priority (that was a pleasant surprise).As far as the camera, I read reviews saying the camera is bigger than people expected.  I guess that made me expect something bigger.  The camera is 6" long and about 3" in diameter.  It's in an all metal housing with a 2ft pigtail where you plug in the network cable (if needed) and power.  It has a nice 6dbi antenna which give me great reception even outside the home (my router is in the basement).  It comes with a mount.  The mount can be used as a free stand on a shelf or used with the rotating arms mount on a wall.  The mount like the camera is all metal, and is actually very good.  It even came with it's own allen wrench to tighten.The picture is far superior to my other cameras.  The night vision has no troubles and is crystal clear.  I happy using this camera day or night.  The ftp, motion detection, and port forwarding all work as expected, and I can see my camera with very little setup from outside the home network.  Plus I never have any wireless connectivity issues.The setup:I thought not going with foscam was going to make the setup more difficult, but that wasn't the case.1) Plug the camera into power and network over CatV.2) Open the IPCam tool.  The great thing about the tool is it actually don't make you install it, very small exe to do what it needs to do.  This is just used to get/set the IP address.  If you look at your router you can also determine what IP your camera is using assuming your on the 192.168.1.x subnet mask.  I used this tool to set the static IP address.  I also used it to set a different port number so I can see it from outside my home network.3) Go to the IP address in your browser to finish the setup.4) This is where you add it to your wireless network.  One gotcha is I had to scan twice for any networks to show up.5) This should be it for a basic setup.  If you want to see you camera from outside you network make sure to setup your router with port forwarding.I will note on the ftp setup I kept trying to run the test to insure it was working and it kept failing.  I think the buttons are out of order, so make sure you "submit" before testing.Overall, good camera, good customer service, and a great price.  I don't know why I wait so long to buy my first camera from them.  At least I didn't hesitate before buying the second.::Boilermaker03::5.0::September 27, 2013
R3EG6949UW2HNP::I really like this camera for its good picture::My first impression upon unboxing was that HT-IP212 (outdoor waterproof version) was beautiful. The aluminum case is shiny and heavy duty.  Feel somewhat heavy due to its profession build.  It comes with a taller than usual high-gain antenna.I used the IPCamera.exe setup tool from hootoo.com website without touching the enclosed installation CD. I first connected it to my home router using an Ethernet cable and attached the camera antenna. The IPCamera.exe software immediately found the camera on the LAN. Right clicking within the software on the camera (named  initially by factory as "Anonymous") shows some menus. Using one menu I changed the LAN IP to the fixed IP number 191.168.1.236 that I wanted (so that it is close to the IP numbers of my other Hootoo IP cameras).  I also set the port to 8091 because my other camera has 8085, 8086... In Google Chrome, I typed in 192.168.1.236:8091 to access web configuration.  Within the web interface, I set all the other parameters including WiFi connection password, smtp.gmail.com account information and camera alias, etc. Motion detection parameters can be set right there.  It is nice that you can choose to receive an e-mail to inform you that the camera just rebooted and together with its WAN IP number. DNS server is built in, but I never bothered to use it because my RoadRuner modem IP has not changed for years even during electricity outages.  The e-mail notification of WAN IP will help if my IP ever changes.  I then unplugged the Ethernet cable. Using the IPCamera.exe tool, you will find the camera running WiFi. Use the indicated IP:port to access the camera. The setup process is pretty much the same as other Hootoo IP cameras and other similar IP cameras from many other vendors.  I use Android's IP Cam Viewer app to view all of my IP cameras. One interesting observation is that the HT-IP212 camera (with all aluminum casing) does not seem to interfere with my remote control of the garage door opener at all, unlike IP cameras with plastic casing. A huge plus for me. Not a surprise though because people have suggested wrapping a camera's plastic casing with tin foil to reduce radio waves coming out the plastic camera (even when wired connection is used rather than WIFi).I put an Android phone running IP Webcam and a PT IP camera side by side with HT-IP212. The camera views had a shaded area and a bright area (farther away). HT-IP212 definitely controlled light exposure better. The other two cameras overexposed and the farther away area was too bright and not clear. I also noticed that HT-IP212 seems to have a slight telescopic view.  It has a larger view on the far away area. I think it is designed that way. Instead of a 3.6 mm lens like many  startup IP cameras, HT-IP212 has a 6 mm lens.  I really like this camera. It watches my driveway for me.This camera's obvious drawback is that you cannot be remotely pan and tilt via software like the plastic indoor models. This is by design. For the price point, I could desire this kind of expensive functions. Even more expensive ones don't do that. Like all outdoor cameras, I would not expose it directly under the sun or let the lens see the sun to prolong the lifespan. I didn't test the waterproof ability because I shelter it. I want to keep it for years to come.::New father::5.0::September 24, 2013
R3N76OPS155IAU::This is a good camera for the money!::The pan/tilt/zoom mechanism of this camera works really well and the transparent dome just screws off which makes it a lot easier to remove than ones on other cameras. The WIFI was simple to setup and the software is pretty straight forward. I mounted the camera outside and it gives a clear picture during the day.  This camera does not do night vision so dont expect to see anything at night unless it viewing a well-lighted area. The transparent dome has cloudy ring that goes around the very top of it which will distort your view slightly on the upper part of the screen when look straight out at a 90 deg angle. If your mounting the camera slight higher than the area you want to view then this should not be a problem. The mounting bracket is a little flimsy but that is the only part of this camera that is like that, the rest of the well made. Ive only used the camera for few days now but from what Ive seen so far I like.::Keith Jones::4.0::August 26, 2013
R1R4INU5KNP7L0::HooToo Security Camera::Pros: This camera is best for the price. It worked out of the box and customer service will run you through any perceived challenges. The camera's night vision works. There are several custom settings. I am able to record continuously. Also, I can use the motion detection feature to send pics to my smart phone. When out of town you can program your neighbors and or best friends email into the software, and then let them respond to intruders. My only regret is not buying the camera sooner. My wife and I appreciate the conveniences.Cons: The lens provides clear images for the price. There are clearer images to be had if your willing to spend much more money. This camera records color images in daylight and black and white images at night. I'm really excited about the camera although HooToo should improve on/provide enhanced model in the future. I would be the first customer. Ultimately, HooToo earned 4 stars.Features:- Wireless and connectivity for great wireless performance, clarity, and coverage- Easily view and manage you camera (up to 9 cameras simultaneously) from web interface- Waterproof for outdoor installation, virtually place your camera almost anywhere using the mounting brackets provided- Motion-triggered alerts sent to your phone or email- Night vision up to 15m (it varies depending on the real-time lux level of the surrounding area)- Ready to use in simple setup (Simply connect the cables, plug in the camera, run the short installation wizard and setup is complete.)Specifications:- Video features: Adjustable image size and quality; time stamp; flip and Mirror- Wireless connectivity: 802.11b/g Wireless with WEP/WPA/WPA2 security- Network protocol: TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS, DHCP, PPPoE, SMTP, FTP, SSL, TFTP, NTP, ARP/RARP, NFS, RTSP, RTP, RTCP- Web browser: Internet Explorer 6.0/ 7.0/ 8.0, Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome or other standard browsers- View angle: 60- Online management: up to 9 camera users for easy management- Operating system: Microsoft Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7- Certificate: Approved by CE, FCC, RoHSWhat's in the box?1 x IP Camera1 x Antenna1 x Power Adapter1 x Network Cable1 x User Manual1 x CDSome ScrewsFrequently Asked Questions:- No IP detection?1. Check the network wiring and run the installation wizard2. Enable DHCP in your router; disable MAC address filter3. Make sure it is not blocked by firewall or anti-virus software- How to reset if not responsive?Make sure the camera is powered on, hold the reset button for 15 sec, and then release- Can't access wireless connection?1. Double check your setting (SSID, password, etc)2. Do NOT enable MAC address filter in your router3. Enable wireless settings in wired mode; then unplug the wire to auto-switch to wireless mode.Remarks:-Does not support https protocol-Minimum lux level required for normal operation: 0.5lm-Does not come with infrared cut filter, not guarantee to provide 100% true colors-Avoid direct sunlight or strong halogen light to the image sensor-To capture video remotely, you need to run the dynamic DNS-Make sure that the Ethernet jack stay dry if you are to use the Wi-Fi connection outdoors-The video fluency could be affected by the network speed.::Mr. Richard Martinez "Rich"::4.0::July 8, 2013
R2NF4XZO9VN8T4::HooToo HT-IP006N Indoor/Outdoor Wireless IP Camera::HooToo IP Cam Review HT-IP006NThis camera is designed to be used for an outside installation, preferably high up on a building or on a tall pole.  It can pan through almost 360 degrees although panning to look at its mounting facility, building or pole makes no sense.  It has no audio although it does have one foot long cables to connect to an audio input or output as well as the power cable and a reset function.  These connectors must be protected from the elements so mounting them on a building with a grommeted access hole is the best way to mount it.  I have mounted mine on top of a 12 foot 4x4 post which is part of my deck.  I can view all of the deck, my side yard and my back yard from high atop the post.  I have enclosed the wires and connectors in a plastic box which is watertight.Although the camera is intended to be used for security purposes it has such good resolution and color rendition that I have used it to watch the wildlife around the deck.  I have monitored the activity of deer in the back yard and found the culprit chewing on my wife's hostas, and I have watched any of a dozen species of birds come and go on our birdfeeders.The camera software comes with motion picture and snapshot capability so I have videos on my computer of all of the wildlife.  It also has a very nice 3x zoom with which I can photograph the colorful birds on our feeders.  The red bellied woodpecker has been recorded many times coming to the suet feeders.  The motion detection feature set at a sensitive position starts the video recording as the woodpecker lands on the suet feeder and records for whatever preset time you have selected.  It can also be programmed to send snapshots of the frame to an email address.The preset positions available in the software make it possible to switch rapidly from one place to another rather than using the up-down, left-right buttons.  Just tell the camera to focus in close up mode to position 3 and it moves to view the suet feeder in 3x zoom mode.  Then tell it to go to position 7 and it is now focused on wide-angle view of the back yard.The night vision combined with the motion detection feature has allowed me to capture a video of a skunk prowling on the deck just in time to stop me from stepping out on the deck to fill the bird feeders for the morning.  One downside of the night vision is that viewing at the 90 and 180 degree position there is some sort of internal reflection of the IR LEDS which makes viewing from the extreme left and right pan position to about 90 degrees from each position useless.  Daytime viewing presents no problems at all.At night I point the camera at the sliding door to our sunroom and set the motion detection system to be active, I sleep knowing that any intruders will trip the alarm, record video of their activity and wake me up as the alarm on my laptop alerts me to the unsub's activity, a very comforting feeling!!All in all the camera meets all of my needs with its good resolution, color rendition and 3X zoom features along with its complete alarm capabilities.::Misterfixit "misterfixit.com"::5.0::March 11, 2013
R51MAZJVZDH4H::Techie says its never worked.::Got it never worked.. Tool could find it and change some settings. Not one browser could bring up the web page on my PC Even shut down Firewall and virus checker etc...  and in Tablet I could see web page and change settings..but not video or still images ever.. totally useless and a waste of time.  I run my own home network with custom router firmware and bridges etc. and mail server etc.  So I have worked with embedded IP tools before.. This one is not a good bet.  I bet the internal web server is hopelessly unable to deal with current standards...::K. Edwards "K~E"::1.0::November 23, 2013
R1GXED4ZZ5VKB6::Well made...easy to setup and use...nice feature set for price point!::The camera arrived and I noticed right away that it was well packed and the package had some weight to it.  So right away I am thinking, "good this camera is well built."  Upon opening the package I was not disappointed.  The camera housing is metal and it has a thick plastic removable dome to protect the camera itself.  I will have to see down the line how it holds up to the elements but right now I am confident that will not be a problem.The setup was just like any other Hootoo ip camera that I have owned, easy and straight forward.  No need to be a geek to get it going (though I am and it usually helps!) the only thing that is sometimes tricky for folks is routing the ports through the firewall for external access to the camera but that is different for every router so you might have to do some research depending on your individual router to get that going.The first step is usually to attach the camera to an ethernet cable attached to you router so that you can setup the wifi for your network.  Once that step is done, and that is easy enough, you can disconnect the ethernet cable and access the camera through wifi.The next step is deciding where to mount the camera.  One thing which would make that decision easier is if the camera had POE then an electrical outlet would not be necessary but POE has it's problems at times as well which may be why Hootoo has decided not to add that support to this camera.  Anyway in my case I have not actually decided where the optimal spot for the camera is so I mounted it temporarily on a piece of PVC pipe so I can attach it to various places around my house and see which view I like best and then I will evaluate the images and decide on it's permanent home. This is something I would probably suggest to anyone with any camera so that you don't end up having regrets on where the camera is mounted.  So far I have moved the camera twice and I am still not sure so it may take another move or to two to settle in on the right spot!Some people have commented that the video from this camera is grainy.  I have not found this to be true at all.  Day or night I think the image from the camera is quite good.  Of course it is not HD quality but it is not advertised to be and if that is what you are looking for then there are many choices out there for that at a significantly increased price range!I love the speed at which this camera pan and tilts.  Some of the other cameras I have owned are quite slow in this regard but not this one.  It is quite zippy!  Having the 3x optical zoom is also a nice feature and quite useful.The night vision on this camera works well.  It is not as bright as some other cams but that is probably due to the infrared leds being spread out around the circumference of the cam housing so you have infrared light in all directions.  So since it is not a focused beam of infrared leds you lose a little bit of distance on the night vision but i think that works much better that some cams which have the leds focused around the lens but inside the plastic dome because then the ir bounces off the dome into the lens and the night vision does not work at all.  So I think the setup on this camera is the best compromise, lose a little night vision distance but have night vision that works.  I would say that is a fair trade in my book!Overall,  I am quite pleased with this camera.  I think its feature set is quite good for its price point and I would easily recommend it to anyone looking for a good outdoor rated ip cam!::Iamwally::4.0::August 9, 2013
RWG7BCASAS4O8::Great hardware features, but use a different IP Camera Software.::Nowadays, security cameras have been essential for both businesses and residential. Having the security of knowing what is happening at all times is a great comfort having. HooToo has made the HooToo HT-IP006N PTZ PRO Indoor/Outdoor Wireless IP Camera as a way to maintain a secure atmosphere. Package Contents IP Camera Wi-Fi Antenna User manual DC power supply cord CD Rom Ethernet cord 4 mounting screws with drywall inserts AccessoriesThe Ethernet cord is 56 inches with a thick gauged wire. Although the cord is short, this is definitely one of the better built Ethernet cords I own. The Ethernet cord will do what it is intended for and help setup the IP camera.The DC power cord is 59 inches with a 3.5 x 1.75 x 1.25 inch brick at the end of the cord. I would normally name this a con, because it would block neighboring outlets, but I would expect this cord to be attached to some sort of extension cord and not a surge protector. HardwareI have to say that this camera looks a lot smaller and lighter than the pictures indicate (10 x 6.5 x 9.5 inches; 3.5 pounds).The back of the camera has four mounting placements and a 27 inch cord that has 5 expandable connectors and 1 reset button: Ethernet port with 2 LED indicators, audio output, audio input, I/O Alarm Pin, and Power input. I like that this includes expandable audio input/output and I/O for alarm, but wish this would actually include these features built in.The right side of the mounting bracket has the placement for the 7.5 inch antenna which is able to bend in a 360 degree motion, giving the best placement when trying to connect to Wi-Fi. On the opposite side is the MAC ID, DDNS, User: admin, Password: blank, Model Number: HT-IP206N, Checkmarks on Wireless and IR CUT, and approvals from CE, FCC, RoHS.The top casing of the camera is a metal that is 4 x 6 x 6 inches with the blue HooToo logo. The actual casing of the camera is plastic half circle that is 4.5 x 4.5 x 3 inches. This half circle is able to be screwed off, and I will note that there will be a Styrofoam material inside. This was done for packaging purposes and should be removed before use. Inside the camera lens is about 0.75 inches, and is able to be rotated in a 360 degree motion by the motor inside. I like feature as I can get the most out of the camera. Around the plastic casing is 6 x 12 IR LED lights to allow the best picture for the camera. Specifications Video features: Adjustable image size and quality; time stamp; flip and Mirror Wireless connectivity: 802.11b/g Wireless with WEP/WPA/WPA2 security Network protocol: HTTP, FTP, TCP/IP, UDP, SMTP, DHCP, PPPoE, DDNS, UPnP, GPRS Browser: IE 6.0/ 7.0/ 8.0, Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome Night vision (built-in LED illuminators to enable the night functionality) View angle: Its 69 wide viewing angle allows you to reach much broader range at the single sight Online management: up to 9-cam OS: Microsoft Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 Certificate: Approved by CE, FCC, RoHS Software SetupHooToo provides two pieces of software for this device IP Camera Tool and IPCamClient. Dont worry if you are initially confused, because I was. After reading the manual, IP Camera Tool is the only tool required. Follow the following directions to install your camera:1. Install the IP Camera Tool and then restart your computer.2. Plug your DC power supply into your camera and power your device.3. Wait approximately 30 seconds for your device to be read4. Open the IP Camera Tool Program5. You should see Anonymous and Subnet doesnt match, double click to change!6. Check the box Obtain IP from DHCP Server This will automatically setup your device that is connected to your router. If you want to change the user/password and HTTP Port then feel free to.7. Your device should be connected. Congratulations. Now, you will be redirected to a website that you can view your camera. If you want to make this device wireless then continues to step 8.8. After you are on your website i.e 192.168.0.12/main.htm click the Network tab and then Wireless Lan Settings.9. Click the Scan button under Wireless Network List10. Choose your network, key, and then click the submit button.11. Congratulations, you should now be able to use your camera wirelessly!Although these steps seem very simple from my review they werent as intuitive while attempting to setup the device. However, if you are reading this then congrats, you just saved yourself 3 hours of troubleshooting. SoftwareThe website includes tabs for Live Video, Multi-Device, Network, Audio Video, System, and Other.Live video- Self explanatoryMulti-Device- Upgrade device firmware, restore to factory settings, or reboot device. I would assume this would be used for multi-camera view, but it is instead used for factory settings.Network- Basic network settings, wireless LAN settings, ADSL settings, UPnP settings, DDNS Service settingsAudio video- Reversal, mirror. This has no audio settings, but may have settings when an audio source is connected.System- Device settings, alias settings, Date and Time settings, User settings, PT Settings, (LED) indicator settings, backup and restore settings, log, and MSN settings. Nothing really to note here other than it includes MSN Settings; an instant massaging program that has been discontinued since 2013.Other  Mail service settings, FTP server settings, Alarm settings. I like that this includes settings for FTP and mail services so you can always be updated of the images from your work.Under the vertical tabs are options to change Resolution, Mode, Bright, and Contrast.Resolution  160 x 120, 320 x 240, 640 x 480Mode  50 Hz, 60 Hz, OutdoorBright  0 to 15Contrast  0 to 6Unfortunately, this camera only supports (up to) a 4:3 aspect ratio, which is nowhere near standard 5:4 (1280 x 1024) or HD 16:9 (1920 x 1080). I understand that this would probably be done to cut the costs of the camera, but I wish the camera would output a higher resolution.Under that is a circular compass to move the camera whichever direction you want. Under the compass are 8 buttons for Set preset position, Call preset position, Zoom in, Zoom out, Horizon Patrol, Stop Horizon Patrol, Switch on, and Switch off. I like that this devices web page includes so many options for the camera. Although the website doesnt look very appealing, it is very functional for the purpose of the camera. At the right top is an option to take a Snapshot image of the live camera feed. InstallationOn the back of the mounting bracket are 4 placements to drill the included screws into. From there, connect it to a power source and find the LAN IP that the IP Cam program provides. Setup should be completed if you followed these steps. TestingAfter I successfully mounted the camera to the wall of my house, I was ready to test. The pictures arent HD but you can clearly make out details on the objects. As seen in my first product image, you can see that the truck has obvious erosion, and you can make out pigmentation from the pavement and grassy hill. Please excuse both of my images, as I am using evaluation software, and have yet to purchase the full version. In the second product image you will see another truck in pitch black. The night vision works very nice, and you can clearly make out objects. I noticed from my night vision test that the higher you place the camera, the better. I was able to successfully place the camera on the top of the roof and still maintain a strong WiFi signal, which is approximately 30 feet to the router. During my tests I did notice times when moving objects would lag the camera, and the camera signal going out for a few minutes, but these issues didnt happen often. I did want to note that these occurrences did happen.  This camera seemed too performed well in snow, rain, or sun. The only other issue I saw was that the plastic cover would need cleaned often to receive the clearest possible picture. I overall was satisfied with these results, as I was able to see clearly see objects. Final thoughtsThis camera is only a little above the $200 price tag and has several different features, which adds great value to the device. The main issue is the software, as it is less than spectacular, but chances are you will be buying a good IP camera management system, such as Blue Iris. Despite this issue, I see more than enough reason to recommend this camera and give this a 5 star rating. HooToo created a good wireless camera that has good enough picture for business or residential.Pros:+ Able to be used indoors and outdoors, during daytime or nighttime, but be sure to waterproof your cords before using it outside.+ Includes several options such as presets, zoom in and out, and horizon patrol. These are great functional settings that optimize the cameras capabilities.+ Includes options for FTP and mail service so you can monitor your home while you are at work.+ Antenna is able to bend in 360 degree motion to give the best Wi-Fi connection.Cons:- Camera only supports up to 4:3 aspect ratio (640 x 480), which is nowhere near standard or HD resolution.- Software design is functional but is frustrating to use and isnt very aesthetically pleasing.- Includes ability for audio in/out and alarm in/out but doesnt include them built into the camera.I was provided a sample in exchange for a thorough and honest review.::Charles Spanky "Zumina Reviews"::5.0::April 12, 2014
RFME8AW5HC7Z9::For the price not that great.::Here's the pro's. During the day the camera does descent, but not great video.(Blue Iris had very grainy video for software everyone says is so great). The Quality of the video seems to change when you restart the camera. It says 355 degree Horizontal but its actually 360, I marked a point on my window and it will fully rotate to the point in either direction on patrol. Its.well built with exception of dome, its plastic and panning fully up part of picture is obscured by a ring that is 1/4 wide all around the dome and distorts the view, so mount this camera high. Glass would of been better for durability and clearer picture. The Wifi signal so far is good to about 90 feet, that's as far as I needed to go and didn't have another extension cord to test farther. Motion detection works very well.Cons: Night vision- forget it, without expanded IR lights or very bright yard light this thing is nearly blind, the LUX is not low enough. The built in IR lights are good for about 10 feet then fade out fast. The example screen shown for this camera at night are just false. The IR lights would be fine for a porch or small small area. Built in, rotating with camera IR's would of been far far better. Unless your a pro at networking, set up is a bear. You need to first get it working on Lan with IPcamera tool first then after working with your router can jump to wireless, from there to actually seeing it on internet after using a site like no-ip.com to get a dynamic ip address. I know some networking but I am a novice at best, took 2 days to get this to finally work. Using I-Spy free version is the best software to me as it will track and identify any movement or can get a plugin for facial recognition. No other free or trial software including Blue Iris will do this that I found. Without the auto camera tracking might as well buy a stationary bullet camera. con or no there is a minimum of 3 seconds to as high as 15 depending on your bandwidth of lag time for all movements , but seems inherent to security cameras. While I think as many Hootoo is a respectable company, this camera needs minor improvements to be worth its price or at least exceed Foscam and other PTZ IP cameras. Since I see i didn't mention my setup is outdoors. I tried it near porch, and ended up mounting high up on my power pole which has a yard light attached, then added 96 led expansion lights X 4 to cover areas that the yard light couldn't which helps 10X over. If you buy this try the free version of I-Spy software and play with the settings, can make this an interesting PTZ.::Rodney Young::3.0::January 20, 2014
R3RR2AG53MCWM7::Fabulous customer service; Bad user manual; tough on Mac users::REVISED REVIEWThe product seller let me keep the camera, where it sat for many months until my dog required me to get a camera to keep an eye on him when away from home. I pulled out the HooToo and called their 800 #. I am changing my review greatly. First off, I was sent the correct model. I don't know what I saw to make me say I didn't. It was too long ago.I have a Macbook. Honestly, JUST CALL THEM. They will have you install a small, free program that lets them access your computer. THey stayed on the phone with me the entire time, and they got it all set up. Save yourself the aggravation! Just call them and have them set it up. It's free, and truly excellent service. Now I love the camera!ORIGINAL REVIEWHands down, the worst instructions I have ever seen/read/followed in my life.And yet, I'm technically competent enough that I got it mostly set up. Except one tiny bugaboo... it couldn't find my WLAN. I tried *everything* including changing my WLAN encryption.I wrote to HooToo. They said reset and try again. I did. Nothing.I just noticed, I received IP212F, yet I ordered 212.I suspect this was refurbished camera packaged as new - there is the residue of a sticker on the back. I am returning it.Having said all this, had it connected to Wifi, I would have kept it. I loved the email snapshots of my feet in my office walking back and forth to the camera every time I had to disconnect from Ethernet to see if wireless was working. It never was, but now I have about 30 emails of my feet in motion.::BookLover "BookLover"::4.0::December 20, 2013
R2MMR345M9UISC::ip212 outdoor wireless  camera::this is a best wireless camera and it best price ...and easy setup and you can view anywhere in the world ......I use these camera at home the quality is good and night vision good too. I love it ....I highly recommand to all of you ......http://www.amazon.com/Promotion-Surveillance-Illuminators-Scheduled-User-Friendly/product-reviews/B007CF13JS/ref=dp_top_cm_cr_acr_txt?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints;=1::sunny::5.0::September 20, 2013
R3VIECWE67Q7TE::Great Cameras for the price!::Got 4 of them on my horse property working off WiFi and they do the job!Just seeing them is a deterrent and being able to kick online when away from property is nice !::Chuck Lawler::5.0::September 16, 2013
R309VVQ2VWORZ6::HooToo HT-IP212 Outdoor Wireless Network Surveillance IP Camera::Great camera for the price! My old DVR surveillance system with wired cameras died after several years of service. My friends told me about these new wireless cameras, how well they work and how inexpensive they have become so I started looking at a few. A colleague said he was very happy with his HooToo HT-IP212 so I decided to buy one.It took me a while to get the unit to work on my network but if you run into any issue, call the Tech Support number. They will gladly help you get the device configured and save you some time.I really liked the email alert feature so I was eager to configure and test it. Whenever the camera detects motion it will generate an email with 6 attachments. You can adjust the sensitivity for these alerts and several other settings on the camera.After looking at ways to mount the new camera I realized that power would be an issue since none of my old outdoor wired cameras were located near a 120V outlet and I specifically wanted to replace them with the wireless device. The HooToo HT-IP212 comes with a power adaptor that has a cord of approx 6ft. Due to oversight on my part I have decided to return the unit and replace my old DVR unit with a new one. It will allow me to re-use my old cameras and cabling, thus eliminating the need to run new cables or a power feed.::Nosmo King III::4.0::September 13, 2013
R2J0VORJRLMJ7K::IR Night Vision::I won't complain much because this is a very good camera for the money.  Very easy to install/setup and reception is very clear especially during the day.  Night vision is good in a limited distance.  But, as far as snap shot and video recording, this camera is excellent.  I could have rated this camera a five star if not for the desirable IR distance (that I need for my purpose) in complete darkness.  However, where there's a little light, IR distance should not be a problem.::vicah::4.0::September 12, 2013
RT4N9D8ZEXTQX::My first outdoor cam::The cam arrived quickly and well packed.  I like how solid it feels, not made of plastic.  It works really well and I'm very happy I bought it.  The night vision is very good, and the day time views are nice and clear.  I'm also very happy with customer service.  They are top notch and seem to really care about customer satisfaction very much.  Quick to answer emails, and complete in their answers of the questions I asked.  Two Thumbs UP::T. Parks "MegaRamsey"::5.0::September 11, 2013
RKEYUT84X40FW::New Camera::I was well pleased with the quality of this camera, great lens and well built.  I liked it also because of the size, it was smaller than I expected it to be making it easier to install and harder to detect.::Amazon Customer::4.0::August 31, 2013
R1HPNO7HF84FJX::Not bad for the price::My camera was shipped and delivered on time.  Being a novice, I had help setting up the IP address and configuration.  After I saw how it is done, it didn't seem that difficult.  The software that comes with the camera takes you step by step through the setup process.After the camera IP address is linked to the router you are good to go.  The picture quality and functionally of the camera is very good.The only problem, because my camera is mounted too far from the router, I keep losing the image when in wireless mode.  I learned that this can be corrected with a wireless booster.Other than that, the camera works great.  I'm very pleased with my purchase.::ray::4.0::August 14, 2013
R2Y22PYPTR2HUG::Needs further installation insrtuctions that are easier to understand with well written English.::Since this is an outdoor camera, more detail should have been devoted to the electrical power needs.  There is no way to install this camera without hiring an electrician - which is somewhat deceiving especially with the short length of the connections.Motion detection and email notification is complicated.  Still can't get motion detection to work properly after numerous repetition of the installation steps.  Don't buy to install yourself - requires an electrician.::clarence w lawrence::4.0::August 12, 2013
R3HGJSWVI6U9JI::HooToo 212 outdoor IP Camera::This is my fifth HooToo camera and my first outdoor camera.  It arrived in a few days and in good shape.The setup is the same as the other IP cameras I have and took me less than an hour to set it up to my liking.  I use their IP Client software during the setup process. Their regular software to monitor several IP cameras works, but not the way I prefer.  I use IP View on my Android phone instead. It works very well and is mobile.During the installation I temporary installed the camera in three different locations.  I wanted to see how it performed with different outdoor lighting.  Like most cameras, it did not do well when the sun was in front of the camera.  I live in Nevada and we get a lot of bright sun.  When I installed the camera on the east side of the house, facing north, the video was clear and color good in the day light.  At night, the IR light was good (biased to the center like most cameras I have used) and the video is black and white.  The IR reaches 20-30 feet providing good video.The mechanics of installation took about 20 minutes.  The mounting plate could be a little sturdier, but it works.  The final place I installed the camera took less than ten minutes. It is about 60 feet from my router and the WiFi signal must pass through 4 walls.  There has been no loss of connection during the two weeks I have had this camera.  As far as construction,  it looks well made.  I will see how it handles our winters when the snow comes and the temperature falls to 0 degrees Fahrenheit.I rated this camera 5 stars because it does what I need very well for the price.::ed775::5.0::August 12, 2013
R39ZAFU8A1BDFM::-::The set up was exactly the same as other ip cameras in this price range. It is very helpful to download the free foscam ipcamera program. This program scans your internet to show you what cameras you have active on your network, you simply click it and BAM! it takes you right into the browser to configure the camera.This camera needs to be mounted out of the sunlight, and I have been tinkering with where exactly the best place is to mount it. I have contacted the seller due to possibly having a lens issue, and sunvalleytek was pretty d@mn amazing at getting back to me instantly and sending a new camera out for comparison.I do not regret the purchase one bit!::Derek wilson::5.0::July 24, 2013
R1JGLDDKE683DN::does not work::i bought this camera and it never worked properly. i bought another brand and it works great. do not know what is wrong, the customer service was really good just nothing that could work. they even tested a camera at the wherehouse then sent it to me. after a couple of days stopped working.::Susan Barkman::1.0::July 6, 2013
R2IWVQBCQXB6E1::great value...::great value however it needs to be more descriptive that you need to purchase a separate cord to the router on the internet to outside where the camera is. Other than that its wonderful!::Shessoooperfect::5.0::May 23, 2013
R2PSWZDSBUNZ7B::BIG Camera::No hiding this camera, so I am not sure how effective it will be after mounting it outside.  It has a rather long lens too, so it would be okay for looking at a long driveway in the daytime, but would out distance its IR capability at night. Very limited software too.::Charles S. Reed "audiomook"::3.0::May 14, 2013
R37Q90QITMPPH6::Outdoor wireless camera::Easy connecting good image from the camera. The software works nicely for setting up motion detection surveillance for home security. The wireless works good with no need for running wires just need a 120v source.::augustas::5.0::May 5, 2013
RCZW6RLERU5Y2::Major PRIVACY issue...BEWARE!::Before I really had a chance to do much setup-wise, the camera already succeeded to update with the manufacturer's DDNS.  I find this HIGHLY intrusive and an invasion of my privacy.  That DDNS  link to "fxxxx.oipcam.com" is integrated into the chip/firmware and cannot be disabled (despite what the appearance of the settings may indicate).  I would not feel comfortable using this camera knowing info is being transmitted to some strange location.  You can choose a different third party, but if you choose "NONE", it will automatically default to the manufacturer's DDNS setting and immediately update with a working, remote link.  Even if you choose a different DDNS provider, the link generated by HootToo's intergrated DDNS still works, so that proves that it's never actually disabled.The camera works fine.  The footage is sharp.  The IR footage is clear, bright and has good saturation.  The motor is very quiet in patrol mode. It has some firmware glitches and the PTZ controls are laggy when used remotely. I like Toshiba and Trendnet cams that allow you to click inside the video window to move the cam around.Giving this one star due to what I consider to be HooToo spying on its customers with that "forced" DDNS setting that just seems suspicious as hell.::T.W.::1.0::April 29, 2014
RLZB0J9ZJE390::Buyer Beware::I bought this item approximately a week ago just got it a day ago and I've been having nothing but problems. I loaded the CD content to look at the installation video and did everything as directed and even then my crappy HooToo dome camera wasn't being detected on my router or even on my computers Ethernet port; those  instructions were useless. I figured out on my own that the MAC address needed to be added to my Routers Wireless Setting, from adding that MAC ID address I was able to get the IP address and log-in from there. After what I thought was slight painful turned into being a horrendous bad quality build of camera: let's see where to begin first off the camera mechanical mechanism of tilting wasn't correctly tilting instead of "355" degrees which advertised it only did half (170-180) and also the actually lens of the camera just the quality was really shoddy and its mechanism has lag time; when using the up and down feature it had a delay. The lens as I mentioned the colors were just downright ugly, ,my old iPhone 3G has a better lens than that. Maybe I got a bad unit, but first impressions mean everything to me, so I'm getting this RMA ASAP. Even to my worse enemy I wouldn't recommend this product; product is very subpar, no quality control, tutorial/example videos makes no sense because you have use a complete different as I mentioned before, also there's so many I/O (5-6) that you really have to use a door bore jigsaw to make the cut, for the POS quality and configuration problems I had..... HELL NO!!!!!!!! Steer clear away from this product... I should have realized this product was made in China.::Ednon Khan::1.0::August 23, 2013
R19T5EJ5CNBK0B::good outdoor security camera::The (NEW ARRIVAL!) HooToo HT-IP006N PTZ PRO Indoor/Outdoor Wireless IP Camera, Pan/Tilt/Zoom, P/T 355/90, 3x Optical Zoom (4mm - 9mm), Day/Night Functionality, Built-in LEDs for Night Vision, Waterproof Body Colored in Black is a good, solid security camera. Well built. Impressive pan and tilt functionality. 3x zoom is a pleasant bonus too.  Setup is pretty much the same as for other HooToo cameras, like the (Hot Sale) HooToo HT-IP210F(White) Indoor 0.3 Mega Pixel RJ45 Wireless IP Network Surveillance Camera (802.11 b/g, 1/4" Color CMOS Sensor, f: 3.6mm, F: 2.0, Infrared Filter, Pan/Tilt: 320/120, 16-LED Night Vision, Two-way Audio, Email Alerts), which works well also. Similar to Foscam FI9821W Indoor Pan/Tilt H.264 720p Wireless IP Camera, 1/5" Color CMOS Sensor, F: 3.6mm F:2.4 (IR Lens), IEEE 802.11b/g/n Wireless Connectivity, Black too.  It is very easy to install for access from inside the network. It takes some time and basic network knowledge to make it work right with outside access, but once you figure out how to set up one camera - the others will go easy. Do not give up, read the manual, find some tips on the internet. There are some useful reviews for this camera and/or similar ones. And, of course, there is customer service, which is very helpful.  I would recommend to use it with Foscam Blue Iris Professional - Supports Many IP Camera Brands Including Foscam and Agasio, Zone Motion Detection, H.264 Compression Recording, E-mail And SMS Text Messaging Alerts!. What a good program! So much more powerful than the soft that comes with the camera. As well, you can sign up (free) with no-ip dynamic DNS service - very usefull to beat ever changing IPs from your router.::alex::4.0::June 20, 2013
R3R8EOAZNC3FGI::This product is great!!!::We've been planning for a long time to install cameras in our business place but didn't materialized because its pricey ($600 plus, an estimate) and involves technicalities too, that's why we're a little bit hesitant at first when we found this (Hoo Too) in Amazon but we've given it a try anyway and we're greatly satisfied with it.For one thing it is not that expensive; second, it is wireless, meaning there will be no wires running around your premises; and thirdly, the Hoo Too technical IT department had been very helpful and patient with me, in helping me install the 4 cameras.  As I hinted earlier, I am not a techie person and just an "average" when it comes to the use of such technologies and hooking (the cameras) it up with your internet modem and router and Raymond from the IT department took time and efforts to help me, guiding me all the way from start to the end of the installation, including the use of its operation.  All done remotely, through a Teamviewer window in my computer.The cameras are now in full operation, easy to use and we're glad by it.  The IT department are very extending and also assures to help us any time soon, if in case we encounter problems or difficulties with the product.  In addition, the cameras comes out with a small CCTV sticker each for the 4 cameras, that you may use if you needed to warn people and not need to buy CCTV stickers.::Sherwin::5.0::May 31, 2013
R1S1XVSHBIDA4F::Cool Camera worth the money::I am new to the IP camera world and this camera is great - it pans and tilts and zooms check the others before you buy as this one zooms 3x.  Easy to install and it has a wireless option, which I used - this camera is on my barn ~60 from the house and doesn't drop the signal even is bad weather.  I have this mounted high about ~15 feet: it does a great job and I would recomend it.  A couple of things to mention - for some weird reason the dome has a band molded in it about a 1/4 inch below the top and if the camera were mounted lower it could pose an issue with visability.  I would love to have a corner braket to mount this on as I had to make one to allow me to see the entire area I wanted to.::Bill Anderson::5.0::March 11, 2013
R2D04NKJ7E307H::great service::We received great service from Maggie and Raymond. They answered all our questions and focused on meeting our needs. The camera worked great.::Road Biker "Road Biker"::5.0::August 21, 2013
R3VT32IH82ITF9::Please don't order.....try something else::Was able to get it up and running hardwired- could not get the wireless to work at all.  I could access it from smart phone and other computers- that part worked.  Could not get the zoom aspect to work either.  Called tech support who was to call me back - waited 2 days and no response from company- I would not recommend this camera.  Glad amazon has a great return policy.::P. beaver "dog lover"::1.0::August 21, 2013
R2O1FH7EYKVJUA::HooToo PTZ::camera work great, the only thing is set is not for the novice computer operator. It took me about 8HRS to get this up and running. I've had this up for one week now and everything seems to be working fine I am just fine tuning some of the security features. Maybe when the price comes down I'll buy another.::Porkchop007::4.0::June 23, 2013
RFGY35MDBNRTW::Great product::I brought this product because I needed to have an idea of who was visiting my house when we were not at home.  The first one that was shipped was faulty and was returned without any problems.  The second one worked like a charmed, setup was somewhat easy, in addition, mounting it was a breeze.  In all, this is a great camera for the price.  Value for the cost!!!!!!!::lilboy::5.0::April 30, 2013
R2O5FDOKXUYHOC::1 star off for night vision::Trust other reviewers when they say this camera is blind at night.  It takes a lot of light to see with this guy.  When you can see the quality is a little better than most in this price range I have tried. The trick to mounting is to start the 2 bottom screws first not screwing them in all the way then hang the camera on them then insert and tighten top screws.  The bottom screws don't need to be tightened the camera is not going anywhere.::MickyT::4.0::April 28, 2013
R3KEX9G9MYYHAN::Not that good.::Focus is off.Colors are extremely bad even for an uncut IR sensor unless it's a very sunny day.Sensor is grainy.The dome adds significant distortion -- as if the protective film hadn't been removed significant.Any daylight sky cause iris oscillation (I've seen this on other cameras too).The center of horizontal travel is not aligned with the mount.When it detects the limits of travel one horizontal limit sounds bad.I wonder if just putting a foscam in a dome would be better than this.::P. Graham::2.0::May 31, 2014
R1WCWIGEUD9FF0::Great product and customer response time::Great camera, teck service was second to none. Was able to get up and running but needed teck support and they were there for me when I needed them. Will purchase another one very soon,my plans are to hopefully purchase 3 to 5 more cameras in the near future. Great job HOOTOO & Larry the teck guy. PS Larry the teck guy was the greatest it took him no time to correct my promblems on two occasions. Again two thumbs up for HOOTOO and Larry the teck guy.::TIM::5.0::May 31, 2014
R23DOFB8K0RQ8N::Okay as a camera::I bought this to be able to view my entire front yard. The camera is very easy to set up and use. The 8 preset positions are enough to completely view every bit of the yard. The 640x480 image is adequate for surveillance, but I have my doubts about picking up good face shots.The real test came at night. The IR image is also adequate for most purposes. The showstopper was the halo effect caused by nearby driveway and street lights. The halos occur even when the camera is pointed in directions away from the light. I imagine this is due to the covering over the lens assembly, and not a defect in the camera itself. But it made the camera fairly unusable for me for  nighttime use. The camera I replaced it with has no cover so it doesn't have that halo problem. However, the cover does provide a bit of uncertainty because someone approaching doesn't know in which direction the camera is pointing.So, if nighttime lights aren't going to be a problem, I would say this is a camera that may meet your needs.::James M. Thompson::3.0::May 27, 2014
RMF6B1FXMTYQR::Good but was hoping for better::I was going to use this for the front of my house to get a full view.  Unfortunately the field of vision is 69.  I have a Logitech 700e for the back and love it's 130 fov!!  The image quality is of your normal average pixelated 640x480.  That being said the ptz works great and if you were using it to monitor an area where you needed this feature it would work fine.My first one ended up dying after a couple of months and customer service was fantastic.  Emailed them, the rep response was very quick, they asked if I wanted it repaired or a new unit, I opted for the new one and its been back in service and I haven't had any other issues.The software they provide is pretty lackluster as with most of these type network cameras though it will allow you to access live video in a pinch.  I'm running Blue Iris and the camera is recognized and the ptz functions.Cheers!::fRiEdfiSh "Gills"::4.0::May 19, 2014
R1AOVRZFYX9VSE::Out of Focus::I've had this camera for a year now and although I didn't install it until six months after the purchase (because we were building a pool in the back yard and this camera is the security for the pool) I cannot say that I'm impressed.  It is so grainy and of poor clarity that you cannot recognize anyone in any of the captured footage.  I contacted SunValleyTech and they said that it had been more than 90 days since the order was filled and offered no help.  Now I have a camera that is useless.::D. Francis::3.0::May 4, 2014
RWT8086OW6FR1::DOA::Techie with lots of network and IP Camera experience... camera appears to be very similar to one from Foscam... except it did not work out of the box. Ran several IP Camera finder software programs, including the one provided with it and the one on HOO 2 website. Nothing found the camera... but did find my other 5 IP cameras from Foscam.  Sending this one back to Amazon. Unfortunately, I wasted an afternoon trying to troubleshoot this brick. Spend the extra $15 for the Foscam and get something that works out of the box.::G. Lynch "Lemachine2u"::1.0::April 16, 2014
RPAQ4VADQ3Q6B::Exactly what we needed.::Initial item was not working.  Quickly replaced by Amazon.  New camera works perfectly.  We have horses.  One is over 30 and when she rolls, she often cannot get up in the pasture.  The stable blocks part of the view, so this keeps her in our sight.  Its night vision also works perfectly for our needs.  The stable is too far away from the house for wireless, so we have an AC ethernet connection that works well for the camera. We were attending a Tony Bennett concert and while waiting for the concert to begin, checked the camera on our iPhone and saw a raccoon in the stable eating the horse's' food.  Raccoon trapped the next day and released into a distant nature preserve.  Been working well in cold, heat, rain and ice.::Martin Theophilus::5.0::March 22, 2014
R3CFEDETPUSG1F::Worked out of the box::Put it at the end of a 400ft driveway with a high gain WiFi flat panel antenna, 12v Battery and solar panels. runs great!::Brian Andrew::4.0::March 20, 2014
R3NB9213KAKB4W::Hootoo outdoor Surv. Camera::Great camera at the price it was originally sold for!  Great video quality, Not your everyday easy setup, but it will setup with help from google comments.  The camera needs a better mounting setup for those tight places, I had to make a mod to flip the bottom mounting plate to the top of the camera by drilling out two holes, taking the plate and mounting it on the top shield.  Works great and gives you more mounting options. I do not use the alarm to email option, I can never get the sensitivity right for me. If they make the mod I suggested to them, I would rate 5 stars.::LAS "LAS"::4.0::January 31, 2014
R3AQJG22LII642::HooToo HT-IP212 Outdoor Wireless Network Camera::HooToo HT-IP212 Outdoor Wireless Network CameraI was looking for a camera to put at my summer home.  The hope was to have a device that would be able to show me a picture of the distant mountains and surrounding scenery as well as be able to give me a good idea of the weather conditions.  I needed a standalone wireless camera that would link to my router, but would not require a full time computer.  I wanted something compatible with Windows 7, Windows Vista and that would work with my Droid.  I was also hoping for a system that I would allow me to expand and add cameras.  Ease of setup and operation was also important.After researching the many outdoor IP cameras available, I settled on the HooToo IP212.  My order arrived within two days.  The basic setup was very easy.  When it came to how to set up the remote viewing of the camera I did not fully understand the instructions.  The problem was solved with a little Googling and from there it was no time at all before I could view my new camera from any computer or smart phone.I have found that the IP-212 came with everything I needed to set it up.  It also comes with a mounting bracket that is decent quality, but I had to use a different bracket for my installation as I wanted to mount the camera under my eve facing straight away from the house and the bracket included was not long enough for this.  For a $1.50 this was an easy problem to fix.I have had the camera up and running for a month now and have not had any problems.  During the test phase I had the camera mounted on a regular tripod.  The picture was outstanding!  The details are very clear and sharp, but the color is slightly washed out except in bright sunlight.  My understanding is if you want true color you need to get a camera with IR cut off.  The night vision is excellent up to about 20 feet from the camera.  Much further the night feature doesn't seem to work as well.  I currently have the camera mounted in its permanent home and I am still quite pleased with its performance.The support staff at HooToo is very knowledgeable and helpful.  I needed assistance during my search to find the right camera, so I called the toll free number and left a message.  I received a call back within 30 minutes from one of their technicians and had all my questions answered.  I was told if I had any problems with the setup to call back and they would be happy to help me.  I have been very happy with the HooToo customer service.To date, my overall satisfaction rating with the IP-212 camera and the customer service staff at HooToo is easily a four or five star.  In fact, I am currently looking into a PTZ camera from HooToo to meet my interior security needs.::Quyatt1::5.0::January 13, 2014
RTYTAR1C21H1X::Easy to set-up and delivers a great picture::I'm setting up a weather cam for my website and this was my pick of available outdoor cams.  I chose wisely.  This is easy to set-up with great picture quality.  I love the 8 camera pre-sets and the night vision is very good.  The one draw back is the lower mounting screws are hard to access without using a right angle screw driver or removing the camera and housing.  A right angle screw driver is not all that expensive and is the much easier of the two options I suggest.  The WiFi is impressive and this more than does the job I need it to do.::Nevadawx::4.0::December 30, 2013
R3U8TJUPM4VZXI::Super Camera::This camera is well worth the cost. It has been working great and replaced a cheaper one that failed in less then a year. It has already seen many storms, very hot weather and recently -15 temps and had flawlessly worked. Do note the IF lighting is only good right below the unit, not for the distant view. If you need more IR lighting get a Ir light and point it on the area you need watch the most.::Scott::5.0::December 10, 2013
R21YKP691AM2GA::Excellent customer support::Customer support was excellent and with their help I had the camera set up in under an hour. There are several aps that can be downloaded to view and control the device from your smartphone and they work well. Good value. Highly recommended.::Cgerstenhaber::5.0::December 9, 2013
RVDT19X3X2N9G::For the price??? awesome::I've had it for a month and it's excellent for the price! They saved money here & there but it works really well. Night vision only works well close. IDK how long it will last because the metal is thin & the screws do NOT look like the rust-proof type but given the current state of the art/price point, for now I'm happy. Since I powered it up a month ago I have never had to cycle the power or anything. Zero problem installing & setting it up. It's always available & ready to go. I bought a separate mobile app that works really well with this HooToo and another PTZ I have (early ABS PTZ piece of garbage). The app is uCamPRO for android. I snap stills an hour away from home on my droid. I go away for the winter and I'll be able to watch my own house. This is my third and best so far surveillance camera setup.::Roy Frazee::5.0::December 2, 2013
R1JMDXDLGB9985::Great camera, absolutely awesome customer service! Highly recommended!::Purchased two of those cameras - love them! The picture is clear, and the 3x zoom is a great feature - especially for that price!!Now to what even counts more to me: customer service. The guys over at Hootoo were blazing fast in replying to my inquiries, which was really great. But it gets even better: I had an issue with one of the cameras. I wrote to the customer support, and they sent me an exchange unit within a few days. This is what makes all the difference - I can fully recommend this camera, and even more their customer service - that's how it should be for every seller!::Roger K.::5.0::November 20, 2013
R2H49BWQPI59FU::Great Camera works as advertised and excellent cust service::My original non-ir Hootoo Wi-Fi IP PTZ outdoor camera was out of the warranty period by like 8 months, when its built in network interface card failed. Keep in mind that I am in Florida where there is a lot of humidity and heat during the summer not to mention thunder and lighting almost daily, this camera fared extremely well, until it NIC failed. So I contacted Sunvalleytek to purchase a replacement unit and to my surprise they offered to replace it and ship it free of charge. Needless to say I was not expecting a free replacement 8 months past its warranty, to me this is what customer service is all about. I am not saying this will happen to every customer but they do have great service. Aside from the NIC failing (perhaps I should use a surge protector) The camera itself is well built and durable. I can see the electronic and mechanical components been of good quality. I use this camera to monitor my front door from all over the world and is great peace of mind. Additionally I do purchase a lot of merchandise online, is great to be able to see if parcels have been delivered or not even when I am not home. I definitely recommend this camera, specially from Sunvalleytek. We will be purchasing more cameras for our second home.The camera setup is what you would expect from ANY wi-fi enabled device. You need to read the instructions and follow step by step and you should be good to go. I give the camera 4 star, because my NIC dying before the 2 year mark. But I give 5 stars to Sunvalleytek. And for the record I am not affiliated with them at all, I am just a grateful and happy customer.::Javier Nerys::4.0::November 14, 2013
RX1F4DVI1NUPR::Great product and customer support::Product may not have evety bell and whistle, but it is still a great product. Customer suppoer is awesome. I was having an issue with one of my cameras. They iffered me a replacement.  I found that it was my equipment was bad not theirs. They did everything to make it right.::Erica Jones::4.0::November 13, 2013
R2F7DPRVAK7LEB::great camera- great vendor::The camera performs very well. It is situated about 100 feet from my house and manages to give me nice clear images.  The installation was a bit of a nightmare but customer support had me up and running in no time at all!  This camera seems to meet all my needs for a remote barn camera to watch my llamas.  The night vision is better than the camera I had before but is still somewhat difficult to see but workable for sure.  The camera needs to be installed fairly high up in order to get much viewable distance.  It works very well on my iPhone.  Love the piece of mind I get from being able to see my animals.::kristin::4.0::November 8, 2013
R25H49KV6G8ATU::HooToo HT-IP212::Excellent IP camera for the price. The Tech Support was excellent. Great picture day or night. I will buy more of these.::Kenneth W Majors::5.0::November 2, 2013
R3M2F4PO5Y7PQW::Camera::I was absolutely pleased with ordering and delivery. The camera works well but set up was a little harder than I expected.::Brittany Coutcher::4.0::September 28, 2013
R3C5F05C7R39XJ::great if you use IE....::This camera operates optimally using the IE browser, which I do not use.  Was able to connect via Firefox, but many functions were simply not available.::Mary C. Mcgrath "her-is-murr"::3.0::August 30, 2013
RSWB6486P7T10::Good connectivity/poor picture quality::I've used Panasonic ip camera's in the past and have enjoyed their clarity but they aren't the most sturdy products.  This one looked sturdy and considerably lower price (no pan/tilt/zoom or audio features) so I purchased two to replace one and add one to our surveillance system.- The picture quality is murky - not very clear at all but you can see well enough to make things out.- The night-vision thing is pretty cool - may be why the picture quality isn't so good at other times.- Setup was relatively easy using the IPCamera software for mac. If you aren't used to setting up ip cameras this could be tricky.- Beware that the mounting assembly is somewhat rickety and the round plate on the bottom is VERY sharp  - I cut my finger on one and the other was just as sharp.I'd probably buy another one at this price.Part two.After some time the two that I purchased both started dropping the network. This has continued without any apparent reason. Other cameras on the network work fine.::daiverson::3.0::May 30, 2013
R1UCXCKHY9HADH::Excellent Nightvision Outdoor IP Camera with Great Customer Support::<!--

function fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix,w,h)
{	
  try {	
    var ifrm = parent.document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "movieFrameID");
    if (ifrm) {	
        var h2 = h + 35;
        ifrm.style.height = h2;
      }
    } catch(err) {
 
    } 


  if (h > 0) {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height=h+"px";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height=h+"px";
  }
  else {
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "clipDiv").style.height="";
      document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "videoPlaceholder").style.height="";
  }
  document.getElementById(nsPrefix + "flashcontent").style.height="100%";
}

function fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix,divName,html)
{	
    document.getElementById(nsPrefix + divName).innerHTML=html;
}

function embeddingPopup(nsPrefix)
{
  alert("placeholder function for embedding code");
}
-->


<!--

function cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECembeddingPopup(){	
alert("Embedding code will be displayed here.");
}

-->









<!--
function cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECrefresh_preplay() {

document.getElementById("cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECchiDiv").innerHTML = document.getElementById("cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFEChiddenPre").innerHTML;
};
cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECrefresh_preplay();

-->






        // <![CDATA[

var cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso;	   


function cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes) {

  try {
      cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso = new SWFObject(swfLocation, "cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECAMPlayerProd", swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor);	   

      for (var v in swfParams) {
        cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.addVariable(v, encodeURIComponent(swfParams[v]));
      }
      for (var v in flashParams) {
        cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.addParam(v, flashParams[v]);
      }
      for (var v in embedAttributes) {
        cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.setAttribute(v, embedAttributes[v]);
      }

      cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.addVariable("swfEmbedTime", new Date().getTime());

      var agt = navigator.userAgent;
       
      var reFirefox = new RegExp("firefox/", "i");
      var regx = agt.split(reFirefox);
      var ffVersion = 8;
      if (regx[1]) {
          var pts = regx[1].split(/[.]/);
          ffVersion = parseFloat(pts[0] + "." + pts[1]);
      }
      var minorVersion = parseFloat(navigator.ap);
      if ((navigator.appVersion.indexOf("Mac")!=-1) || (ffVersion < 1.5)) {
          cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.setAttribute("height", swfHeight);
          cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.setAttribute("width", swfWidth);
          cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.addVariable("oldFirefox", "1");	     
      }

      if (cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.write("cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECflashcontent")) {
          fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFEC', 
                               320, 
                               283);
      }
      else {
          var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFEC';

          fp_resizePlayerSpace(nsPrefix, 0, 0);
          fp_rewriteDiv(nsPrefix, "flashcontent", '<br/>To view this video download <a target="_blank" href="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer" target="_top">Flash Player</a> (version 9.0.115 or higher)');
      }
  } catch(err) {
      fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFEC', 0, 0);
  }
  return false;
}



function _cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
    var swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
    var swfWidth = "320";
    var swfHeight = "100%";
    var flashVersion = "9.0.115";
    var bgColor = "#FFFFFF";

    var swfParams = {};
    var flashParams = {};
    var embedAttributes = {};
    swfParams.amazonPort = "80";
    swfParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    swfParams.telemetrySubPageType = "VideoReview";
    swfParams.nsPrefix = "cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFEC";
    swfParams.locale = "en_US";
    swfParams.logUrl = "gp/mpd/l";
    swfParams.canResize = "1";
    swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    swfParams.sessionId = "000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.marketplaceID = "ATVPDKIKX0DER";
    swfParams.salign = "LT";
    swfParams.preset = "detail";
    swfParams.mediaObjectId = "m38V8JL00M6GUQ";
    swfParams.autoPlayTimer = "";
    swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = "m38V8JL00M6GUQ";
    swfParams.playIsUserGenerated = "1";
    swfParams.enableShare = "0";
    swfParams.permUrl = "gp/mpd/permalink";
    swfParams.telemetryPageTypeID = "R1UCXCKHY9HADH";
    swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/m38V8JL00M6GUQ/000-0000000-0000000";
    swfParams.amazonServer = "www.amazon.com";
    swfParams.scale = "noscale";
    flashParams.allowFullScreen = "true";
    flashParams.salign = "LT";
    flashParams.bgcolor = "#FFFFFF";
    flashParams.allowScriptAccess = "always";
    flashParams.quality = "high";
    flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
    embedAttributes.title = "Flash Player";

    if (movieID){
      if (playerVersion == '3'){
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer._V148501545_.swf";
        swfParams.mediaObjectIDList = movieID;
      } else {
        swfLocation = "http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd._V197491872_.swf";
      }
      swfParams.xmlUrl = "http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/getplaylist-v2/" + movieID + "/000-0000000-0000000";
      flashParams.wmode = "transparent";
      swfParams.autoPlay = "1";
    }

    if (document.getElementById('cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECduration')) {
      document.getElementById('cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECduration').style.display='none';
    }
    cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECloadSwf_Core(swfLocation, swfWidth, swfHeight, flashVersion, bgColor, swfParams, flashParams, embedAttributes);

  return false;
}

function cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion) {
   return _cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECloadSwf(movieID, playerVersion);
}


	
		// ]]>
	

<!--

function cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECnewHeight(h)
{	
    fp_resizePlayerSpace('cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFEC', 0, h);
}

function cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECresetPlayer(w,h,bw,cc) {
  cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECnewHeight(h);

  cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.addVariable("resetBandwidth", bw);
  cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.addVariable("cacheCode", cc);
  cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.setAttribute("height", h);
  cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.setAttribute("width", w);
  cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECso.write("cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECflashcontent");
}

-->








var cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECRollOverImg = new Image();
cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECRollOverImg.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81ym6civf7S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";

var cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECpreplay = document.getElementById('cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECpreplayImageId');
if (cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECpreplay) {
  cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECpreplay.onmouseover = function() {
    cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81ym6civf7S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play-active,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECpreplay.onmouseout = function() {
    cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECpreplay.src = "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81ym6civf7S._SX320_PHcustomer-video-vignette_PIvideo-reviews-bottom,BottomLeft,0,43_OU01_PIcustomer-video-play,BottomLeft,130,-12_CR0,0,0,0_.png";
  }
  
  
  var node = cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECpreplay.parentNode;

  var cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECcurrentClick = node.onclick;
  node.onclick = function () {
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
    if (head[0]) { 
      var logTag = document.createElement('script');
      logTag.type = "text/javascript";
      logTag.src = "/gp/customer-media/du/log.html?ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay";
      head[0].appendChild(logTag);
    }

    if (cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECcurrentClick) {
      return cv_mo3D8VF3PLELFECcurrentClick();
    }
  }
}




 Length:: 7:13 MinsThe HooToo HT-IP212 Outdoor Camera is awesome and the best feature about this camera is one you would never know - stellar customer support from HooToo.  I was blown away with their incredibly friendly, helpful, USA based customer support team.  HooToo had provided me a sample of this product in exchange for a fair and honest review on Amazon.  I was a little leary about setting this guy up but knew it would be great if I could get it to work and HooToo's Customer Support Team reassured me that they could help me if I ran into any difficulty.  I have Verizon Fios, a home Mac running OS X Mavericks and a Windows Laptop running WIndows 7.  I also have very little experience with the IT background that you will need to do this yourself but want to share my experience.  If you want to see the highlights and my review of the camera go down to the PROs and CONs section.THE EXPERIENCEI unpacked the camera and didn't really know where to get started.  Luckily, HooToo provided a Quick Installation Guide so that's where I started.  First you plug in the included RJ-45 ethernet cable to your router and provide power to it.  Next you take the CD that came with the camera and load it into your computer.  I first put it into my Mac and was clueless and could not find the right file to get it going.  I decided to give it a try in my Windows 7 laptop and had a lot better success with that - so that is my first tip - set this thing up in Windows if you can.  Once you install and run the HooToo IP Camera Tool you should see your IP camera's IP address on your network.  Double click on the IP address and you will go to that IP address on your web browser.  You will be prompted for a username and password - put in admin and leave the password blank and log in.  Here is tip number two - use Chrome.  At first I used Internet Explorer 9 and had all sorts of issues with the ActiveX controls and getting it to work.  I tricked out all of the settings and set my PC to the lowest security settings and finally got it to work.  Once I found the Chrome workaround I went back and reset all of my IE values to their default values.You finally get to see the camera image, get to play around with the pan and tilt functions and get a sense of accomplishment.  However, your sense of accomplishment will be short lived because you need to set this up to be a wireless camera.  Have no fear, HooToo customer support is here.  This is about as far as I could get on my own.  I called HooToo and spoke to Raymond and he saved the day for me.  After conversing a little bit, I decided it would be easier to download some software so he could hop onto my computer and get this camera set up.  That is tip number three because this makes it incredibly easier to get across the finish line.  I answered all of Raymond's questions and he just went to town on my computer.  We got hung up because I had never logged into my router before.  I called Verizon Fios customer support - eventually they had me hit the reset button on my router - here is the ironic part - I needed Internet Explorer to be able to re-enter my new password.  I called Raymond back and he set me all up.  I told him I wanted to set it up on my iPhone as well as be able to view it remotely.  Raymond then proceeded to set up port forwarding on my router and walked me through the whole thing as he was doing it.  Once I was all set up he cleared up my last issue, which was using Internet Explorer with the HooToo website.  I couldn't get the wireless settings pop-out tabs to show and when I logged in using Chrome - you guessed it, it worked - tip number 4.  So use Windows to install IP Camera Tool, use Chrome to view the image, call HooToo customer support if you get hung up and use Chrome to toggle the settings on HooToo's website.Yes, the camera and its features are important but so is the ease-of-use in setting it up for the novice.PROS*640x480 at 15 fps, 320x240 at 30 fps*A great value as far as features versus cost*Nightvision is excellent*Motion Detection - Can set up e-mail alerts and snap photos upon motion activation*Comes with CD, mounting bracket and screws, Quick Installation Guide, illustrated User's Manual, RJ-45 cable, power adapter*50 Hz, 60 Hz, Outdoor modes*Optimized MJPEG video compression for transmission*Wifi 802.11 b/g*Outstanding customer support - Makes all the difference in the world for a novice setting one of these up*IP66 rated, durable waterproof cameraCONs*No pan/tilt/zoom, but I knew this wasn't a PTZ camera to start out with*Learning curve - make sure you have some time on your hands when you unpack this and go for it*Unit is heavy and mounting support mechanism is not the best.  You can see what it looks like in my review, the mounting bracket that makes contact with the wall needs to be thicker.  If HooToo could redo the whole mounting bracket to something that is sturdier and reduce some weight from the head this would be a better product.*The unit is large, a smaller unit would be more conspicuous*The cable that comes from the unit is a little weird but HooToo did that so the can could be IP66 rated*Setup was pretty tricky for a novice.  I had no idea where to go on the included CD on my Mac.  I eventually used the Quick Installation Guide and Windows to get the IP Camera Tool program installed.  HooToo can do a better job of walking the novice through this.  They sent me some links on Youtube but here is what I think they should do.  I think they should make the CD such that you select whether you are installing it on a Mac or Windows.  From there, you watch a series of videos that show you how to get the camera installed.  I think that will provide a lot of value for the user because it will make his or her life easier.  I am talking about full videos from unpacking to port forwarding.  I know that setup will be different on everyone's network but seeing someone else do it would build some confidence in the user.  There could also be different videos for the different types of installs - all the way through from either a Mac or a Windows machine.  I think they could do a better job with the Quick Start Guide as well, it could be bigger and include more explanations of what you are going to do and how you are going to do it.  It needs to walk you through the process better.As far as Apps for your iPhone or Android phone, I found Surveillance Pro for Foscam (this is a generic IP camera and a lot of the Foscam Apps will work this camera just fine).  I also found uFoscam: 2way Audio & AV Record worked pretty good as well - it can crash on IOS 7 although they are working to fix that.The best thing about this camera is that it is an excellent value.  You really get a lot of bang for your buck.  The HooToo customer support team should alleviate any concerns that you might have about not getting this camera to work.  Even though I was provided a sample for testing I would not hesitate to get another camera from them on my own because I know they would help get it to work for me.  There are no real cons here really for me...People need to remember that a HD cam will also chew up a lot of bandwidth - 640 x 480 is plenty for me.I was provided a sample by the manufacturer in exchange for a fair and honest review.::HokiEE01::5.0::January 1, 2014
RXDKVOMY1UNHC::Color or Black and White?::Nice camera.  No mention on ad or box if in color.  It is. but a bit weak .... This camera is a good buy!::Bruce Sutherland::3.0::October 29, 2013
R1QBIRCP4Y7AG9::Good All Around Camera::Very easy to install and configure. With in minutes I was able to set it up over IP and smartphone and see my house & family.The booklet nicely describes the setup process.::Danny Cayon::5.0::March 2, 2013
R3L8LGCZ8A4SQA::Blurry::I recently purchased this camera and ran it for about 2 weeks at home.  It worked great indoors, had a nice sharp picture, awesome night vision (the best I have seen on an IP camera at this price point).  When I put it outside, everything was out of focus, the colors were off and the night vision was horrible.  On top of all that, this camera has a very plastic feeling to it.  I doubt it would have lasted for a Minnesota winter.The main reason that I went with this camera was the optical zoom.  I ended up going with the Agasio camera which does not zoom, but at least it is in focus.I would consider this model if I did have the need for an indoor PTZ which I do not.Overall I am disappointed in this purchase and am returning it thanks to Amazon's awesome return policy.PROS-Optical zoom which functioned indoors-Worked great with Blue Iris softwareCONS-Plastic feel, not durable-Lacks POE function-Wireless did not work well at all-Horrible picture outdoorsUpdate:  I did receive an e-mail from Sunvalley Tek today regarding this review offering some suggestions and technical support information.  Unfortunately I have already made arrangements to return this item.  I was pleasantly surprised to see this level of support from a Marketplace vendor and would do business with them again, without hesitation.::A. Hastings::1.0::July 12, 2013
R2O3LGEU078C9I::Caution::Do not buy if you intend to use it with a Mac. However, this is a fine item at an acceptable price for all you non-Macers and the company is cooperative and more.::Domenick Capobianco "pepe nero"::4.0::June 17, 2013
RLZJDRMAKLWE5::Not a fan of LEDs mounted on the rim::I do not actually own this camera but I own an X10 Airsight camera that is very similar. We have had record cold days in Michigan this year and the X10 has proven reliable. However, like my X10, I noticed this camera has the LEDs mounted on the rim, not to the camera. My experience is that this works great if you are looking at the ground at night but not so much if you are looking where the camera is pointed. Hopefully, its motion detection is better than the X10. I have yet to capture the image of the UPS guy dropping of a package. I am looking for a higher resolution camera.::Suburban Recluse "Caveat Emptor"::3.0::April 28, 2014
R3B79SUV24ND0N::Excellent Value; a darn good buy::I got this camera from SunValley.  It arrived quickly.Setup was a breeze - in fact very easy.  It's survived a Michigan winter mounted outside on the side of my building.  Still kicking.  My background is networking, so setup went fast.This camera is supported by a number of Tablet and phone apps for remote viewing/control.  I haven't tested the provided DDNS service - I've modified my firewall to allow access and do port forwarding for direct, external access to the device.  I've controlled the camera from Android, iphone, ipad, and Windows remotely.Stuff I liked: * PTZ is fast * Zoom is good, 3x works fine in my yard/driveway environment* motion alarm is goodThings to know:*  Read up on the focus issues folks have had and how they fix them. That'll get you every time.*  Hookup and TEST your camera completely before installation.* motion alarm based picture taking and emailing is good, practice and tweak various sensitivity settings* be sure you write down the model number - it's nowhere on the web interfaceThings I wish this camera had:*  POE Support - so I don't need the AC Adapter*  Night Vision - I haven't installed an IR illuminator yet, but will try it. It does okay in brighter light conditions* Recording - if it has recording capability, I haven't found it yet.* Web Interface - the default web interface should have a link to the MFG site for downloading firmware updatesI had to use SunValley support one time via email. Outstanding and responsive experience.  I've never used HooToo tech support.::Joe PH Dude::4.0::June 29, 2013
R19MF9QUWPSBIU::Nice camera::Installed at a commercial property and it when in smooth and looks good too. Great camera and small in size.::Patrick J Delaney::5.0::November 27, 2012
R45N38JYLA639::DO NOT BUY!::This is a poor quality IP cam disguised in the dome.PROS:PTZ functions work.CONS:Poor wireless rangePoor image qualityPoor color (due to lack of IR cut filter)Difficult to mountQuestionable waterproof abilitySave your money and time and avoid this overpriced IP cam.::Ted::1.0::May 11, 2013
R3JNFYA3V7E3GT::Good when it works, just doesn't keep working. slow to respond to setup::Got the product in a timely manner, product was in good shape and all parts there.  As mentioned many time, instructions are poorly written using poor English.  I am a novice to web cams,  set up home network on my own, but that is no big deal.  I bought a new linksey 900 router also at the start of this instillation.  I followed the instructions and had the camera up and running in minutes wired.  Wireless is another matter,  the instructions say just unplug the cable (after doing the install for wireless) and you should be wireless.  but it did not happen over and over and over again.  I eventually discovered that even though it supposed to take effect in 30 secs,  it some times takes up to an hour before the camera is recognized.  I bought two cameras and after days of fussing I got them both working,  for less than a day.  First the front cam went out,  had to take it down and start over.  Then the back cam went down,  repeat and repeat.  I would think that once they are up and working they would stay working but that has not been my experience. Currently they are both NOT working.  I see a couple of options,  wire them which is not why I bought these and paid what I did to get them,  or send them back.  I am leaning hard towards sending them back. The back cam is 30-40 feet away from the router, the front cam maybe 50 feet,  well within the limits.  When I had them working they worked good and I was satisfied. It just didn't last long.  I had them so that I could see them on the web and of course the home network.  I learned a lot installing them,  hope I can use it on my next cameras,  any suggestions?::MPeterson::2.0::June 19, 2013
R2PLHD2G380N3B::Confused.::The reason i am confused is, because this camera on this site is $299 while the same exact camera ( Agasio M1BF ) on Amazon.com is $199 a difference of $100This is also sold as an X10 airsight camera with a price of $199. it appears that this camera is sold under several different names by different companies or the same company owns all of them. In reading the reviews, I get mixed emotions on buying this camera. I talked to Agasio and was confirmed they also have Foscam. Something so simple turns into a nightmare. I guess this is why they have an ole saying, Buyer Beware. The 1 star is because of the prices at this company. I believe they are ripping people off.Okay, I see this company dropped it price to $199 from $299 that it advertised a few weeks ago. Now it is competitive to the others who sell it for $199 as well. I hope in writing this review it helped bring the price down to a reasonable kevel.::Jacknyd::1.0::May 24, 2013
R2LON89S6CUHT2::What I thought it would be.::This balun can use all of the 8 wires; four on two pair posts on either side of housing [sound and ptz control]. The power adaptor is removable so you can not have the wrong end in your hand if you start with the one the power adaptor is in! Looks rugged enough. Have not yet tested as I am still looking at PTZ devices, when I test I will report back.::C. Arnold "Multimedia shtick"::4.0::August 12, 2013
R3RJ7I21D60XK3::WARNING- (EDIT) Good camera but has increased in price almost 50% since I bought it!::If you don't want to read all of this, skip to the summation at the bottom ...Update 31 May 2014.The price has changed AGAIN.  As of today the price of this camera is back down (barely) below $60.00.  At THAT price this camera is a good deal IF the internal components are the same as the camera(s) I bought before and reviewed below.  I've always been suspicious of reviewers who seem excessively suspicious ... but there's something weird going on with these cameras and this seller.  I don't monitor the price of these cameras daily, I just check back every couple weeks to see what the price is now, after seeing the price of these cameras jump all over the place.  The thing is, if you didn't know any better and I didn't do that you might have bought a truck load (well, probably not that many) when the price peaked out and never have been aware of the pricing fluctuations on this item.  If you don't see a price of $60 or less on these, check back in a week or two and you might get lucky.Update 12 May, 2014.The price has changed AGAIN.  As of today it's $65.  THE CAMERAS I BOUGHT ARE GOOD CAMERAS AT A PRICE OF $55- You're taking a risk on them at anything more than that.  The fact that the vendor keeps changing the price is very, very suspicious.  It is very unlikely that the quality of the components in the cameras have improved and a higher price than I originally paid for them is not justifiable.  The way the price of these cameras is bouncing around it would not surprise me to learn that the components inside the camera housing are being switched around and that probably is not an indication of anything becoming higher quality.  More likely the exact opposite.Update 04 May, 2014.The price on these has changed AGAIN.  Now it's ten dollars less than what it was two days ago.  As of today it's $70.  Two days ago it was $80.  When I bought them they were $55.  There's something weird going on with these cameras, this seller, or both.  Just in case, I've saved my review on my computer and I'll be watching for this product listing to disappear and reappear with new pricing and reviews.  If that happens, or if the price on these cameras keeps wandering up and down and never goes back to what I bought them for I'll bring the situation to the attention of the powers that be at Amazon.  Because this is really weird for a price to jump around this much this often.  I bought these cameras less than a month ago and they were $55 each.Update 02 May, 2014.I now have five of these cameras in operation and I'm very satisfied with them.  Nothing has changed as far as the cameras themselves are concerned and everything I say below in my original review stands regarding the cameras.What is disconcerting is that I wrote the below review and bought these cameras when they were selling at $54.99 each.  At that price, they're a heck of a good deal.  At the current $80 price as I write this update not so great a deal at all.  That's almost a 50% increase in price which NOW makes them no more attractive than any other camera in the new price range.  You can get new Foscam exterior cameras for just a couple dollars more if you look for them.  This is significant for anyone buying cameras for either a new system or to expand an existing camera system because what I originally paid for 5 cameras will now only buy you 4 with change left over.  That, in my opinion, is a serious pricing differential for the same product.I don't know if the seller(s) were letting this camera hit the market cheap to build a reputation or what their purpose is in this huge price hike, but as far as I'm concerned these are $55 cameras not $80 cameras and would advise people to do some serious comparison and bargain shopping among better known brands before buying these Tenvis cameras.The thing about ANY new brand name of IP cameras is the longevity factor.  I'll never buy WansView or HooToo cameras again because I've had them fail for no apparent reason while operating in environments and conditions that other cameras of similar cost have yet to fail after many years of service.  At $55 each these Tenvis cameras were an acceptable gamble but that is no longer the case.I've been running IP cameras for about 7 years now and I've seen some evolutions in the products and the market.  Some brands steadily improve while the price steadily declines.  As people buy more of that brand and the brand sells more units they turn some of that money back into improving their product while lowering the price to reflect greater sales and lower per-unit production costs.  These products become more competitive and better products over time.I have ALSO seen situations where a very good product is offered in it's original release to market but the quality decreases over time.  After establishing a good reputation in a very competitive market the makers get greedy and start using cheaper components while the price tries to mirror better products like I described in the previous paragraph.  Sometimes the manufacturers of these lower quality products will take advantage of the better products reputation by buying the same housing or case from the same source as the good cameras use.  As volume goes up the factories that make the housing or case charge less per unit also.  The makers of poorer quality cameras buy the same exterior components but put cheaper interior components in that housing or case and their own brand on the outside.  This is where a review system like Amazon really shines because it's hard to pull that particular form of gouging and get away with it for long.This is an extremely serious issue and should be considered carefully when buying ANYTHING made in China.  Some Chinese manufacturers have learned to use a good business model that sells well in America and so steadily improve their product while lowering the cost per-unit to remain competitive.  Some Chinese manufacturers simply take advantage for short term gains and don't care about long term business models.  Caveat Emptor applies in spades to Chinese products.So either these Tenvis cameras were seriously under-priced when I bought them OR there is an attempt at market and consumer manipulation occurring here.  Those are the only two possible explanations for a 50% price increase- everything else being equal*.  Only time will tell if these cameras have the quality and durability to be worth that higher price.  If you need several cameras at one time you would be wise to hold off a year or two on these cameras at $80 to see what the reviews are regarding longevity.If these cameras begin failing even at the $55 price I paid for them I'll be back to let everyone know in this review.(* There are other factors, when a typhoon decimated factories in Taiwan that make hard drives and RAM the prices soared until sufficient production came back online to fill the demand and bring the prices back down.  Market scarcity is a driving factor in pricing also but I'm not aware of anything like that which would apply to these cameras.)(Edited 14 Apr. 2014)  I liked these cameras enough, and I liked the price of them enough, that I bought three more of them to replace failed/aging/nearing failure cameras.  That makes a total of 5 of these I have on my system.  There were no duds, no DOAs, no defects and no differences in any of them.  All five are up and running well within their designed parameters.  The color on these is far superior to some older Foscams I have running.  The old Foscams don't have IR cut so for instance anything with green chlorophyll (plants) looks a purplish pink color.  These cameras show color very close to what my eyes see.  Because these cameras are positioned and aimed with care there is no more auto-exposure flashing than with any other of my cameras, even those that cost almost twice as much as these did.  Auto-exposure flashing or pulsing is a common problem with cameras that view bright sunlight and dark shadow but these cameras are handling it as well as anything else I have.  I'm still convinced this was a good value for the money.Original Review-I bought two of these and deployed them yesterday, so I cannot speak to longevity yet.  If there's any issue in that regard I'll come back and amend my review.For the money this camera is as good as any other outdoor camera I have in the $100 and less price range.  I use Blue Iris software for an NVR (Network Video Recorder) program and have used it for years.  I can't recommend Blue Iris highly enough, it's great software and it's highly configurable.  For all it does it's also very cheap, less than the price of a single camera as a rule.  I'm running 18 cameras at the moment.  The cameras include Foscams, Wansviews, Trendnet, ZoneNet, LofTeK and others.  So I've got a bit of experience with cameras in this general area.The only complaint I have with my Tenvis cameras so far is the field of view.  The FOV could be wider and wider would definitely be better.  Other than that they're doing just fine.I don't know if some of the reviews of this camera are for an older model or not but my cameras have really good color and IR images.  When I say "really good" I mean the color is very close to true and the resolution is adequate for this kind of camera.I have one mounted on my front porch (to watch for packages delivered to my home and catch anyone messing with them, to see who's at the door, etc.) which is facing a brick wall 20 feet away at the end of the porch by the door.  The colors of the bricks are easily discernible, the lines in the mortar between the bricks are clear and sharp, I can see individual leaves on a tree about 35 feet from the camera, the image is very good in daylight for a camera in this class.  The IR image at night OF COURSE doesn't show true color, it shows the shades of gray reflected from the IR emitters.  Blue jeans look white for instance.  All infrared cameras are like this and I have no complaints with the IR cut feature of the cameras.At this price point you're making some compromises.  You're not going to get high definition studio quality video from a camera like this so if that's what you're expecting then you need to spend about 5x or more on each camera.  Better but not true hi-def images can be had from cameras costing 2-3x as much.  For my purposes I can live with a lower quality standard definition image and get more cameras which means more views by buying cheaper cameras rather than a single, expensive high end camera.  If I had to pay $250 -$500 per camera at 18 cameras now online it would have cost me somewhere between $4500 and $9000 in cameras alone so far.  As things stand now I have a little under $1000 invested in working cameras which I have bought over a period of appx. 5 years.Another thing to consider when designing your own camera system is bandwidth.  A high quality image takes up a lot more of your available network capacity.  It's not a big deal if you are only ever going to have one or two cameras working at a time.  If you're going to have a lot of cameras working at the same time it becomes a very big deal very quickly.  If I were running 18 - 20 high definition cameras I would need a complete separate network with it's own hard wired cables because that much load on my network would render it useless for anything else and might even be too much for that many high definition cameras even with nothing else running on the network.The viewing software that comes with any of these cameras is next door to useless.  I don't care which brand you're using, they're all flaky.  That's as it should be because the market for these cameras is very tight, if they came with better software they would cost more.  If they cost more people wouldn't buy them.  If people wouldn't buy them then the point of bundling better software becomes null.  If you want really good video capture and recording buy software that does that exclusively.You need computing power to run a bunch of cameras. The more cameras the more computer it takes to handle them well.  My system is an eight core processor overclocked on water to 4.5 GHz with a 4.8 GHz turbo and 32 GB of RAM.  It doesn't even breath hard running 18 cameras and Blue Iris so you don't really need a super computer you just need enough computer.Which are more of the reasons I really like Blue Iris.  It does a good job of utilizing the available computer hardware without overloading it with bloat.  It will handle pretty much any camera I care to attach to my system.  This allows me to shop for cameras and buy the cheapest ones that are suitable for the places I need them.  I have a couple of older $25 cameras on indoor views and they don't even have wireless functions.  I have several outdoor cameras of several different brands also.  Blue Iris also allows me to access my camera system on my Android (they have an iPhone app too) from anywhere AND control the whole system from my phone.  I have a fairly elaborate configuration so I won't go into all the details but I can walk out my door, arm the camera system using my phone and it acts exactly like a burglar alarm.  Blue Iris allows me to configure a "profile" specifically for this purpose.  Certain cameras that should not otherwise be detecting motion will then call my phone, send me text messages on my phone, and/or email my phone with video and still pictures of what triggered the recording.  If I wanted to I could call the police and report a burglary, save video of the culprits in action, and sit down the street telling the cops exactly what the burglars are doing and what room they're in at that moment.  I have a system in place to keep them from disabling the video but this is already a very lengthy review so I'll skip that unless someone asks in the comments.Another nice thing about using software like Blue Iris is you only have to configure it alone to be accessible from the internet, not multiple cameras.  It will let you access all your cameras from one connection ...A camera built to withstand outdoor conditions is going to be more expensive than an indoor camera which is why I was so happy to find these Tenvis cameras at this price.  No matter what you pay, having the camera outside is going to put a strain on it.  It's an electronic device sitting out in the rain, snow, heat, wind etc.  They die eventually from all kinds of issues so the less I spend on them the less ticked-off I am when I need to replace one that's gone belly-up from being outside.I mentioned cameras without wireless capabilities a paragraph or two back.  Generally speaking I don't care if cameras have wireless or not, I'm never going to use wireless except as a backup if I can help it.  I'm a systems engineer with 30 years in the IT field and I don't care what anyone else tells you, using wireless for a video stream (ESPECIALLY multiple streams) is just asking for failures.  Wireless standards are more of a suggestion than they are mandatory.  The variations in various wireless systems are huge.  Many, many things can mess up a wireless signal and especially a signal carrying a video stream.  Wireless is just a radio signal, I'm also a Ham operator and know a thing or two about radio transmission problems.  Wireless networking is just not as good as wired networking and it's never going to be as good because wireless devices will never have the transmission power to make it as good.Just because you can connect with a wireless device and send email doesn't mean you can connect with a camera and send video, it's not the same thing at all.  In order to get usable video at useable resolutions you need rock solid packet transfers on your network.  Wireless will rarely provide that and will almost never provide it without adding more equipment than just wirelessly connecting a camera to your home router.  So avoid wireless connections like the plague and when you absolutely MUST use wireless then think about using wireless repeaters and range extenders rather than the built in wireless devices like these IP cameras come with.  There just is no way at the current state of technology to make a wireless connection as reliable as a wired connection.All my cameras except 3 are hardwired with Cat5e or Cat6 Ethernet cable.  The three that are not are under the roof of the gazebo at my pool and they're hardwired to a wireless repeater that cleans up, boosts and regulates the signal much better than any little chips in cameras like these ever will.  Meaning I'm not using the wireless function of the cameras themselves.  I have that handed off to a device that does it better than the cameras.  Even so, I'll eventually string some cable out to the gazebo or use a power line Ethernet adapter out there.  Power line adapters run somewhere between wireless and Cat5e/6 cable for reliability and functionality depending on the condition of the electrical wiring you plug them into.The reason I went into all of that wireless stuff is because I see a lot of people complaining about connecting these and other cameras wirelessly.  It's most likely not the camera's fault.  It's much more likely that there are environmental issues or wireless standard incompatibilities.  That camera I described on my front porch is only about 6 feet from the wireless router.  It gets a signal of 2 - 3 bars strength but remember- strength and quality are different things.  My phone gets about the same signal strength from that router in that position.  That's not a very good signal for transmitting a video stream and video on my phone jumps, lurches and disconnects the same as the camera does.  That signal has to traverse an interior wall full of electrical wiring in the vicinity of two fluorescent light fixtures and a brick wall at an angle that makes the wall appear TO THE RADIO SIGNAL like it's about 4 feet thick.  Radio signals travel in a straight line like a bullet, it's called "line of sight".  If you draw an imaginary line from the camera antenna to your router antenna note the thickness of the material it has to pass through AT THAT ANGLE.  Also note duct work, wiring, light fixtures, and anything else that will interfere with passing a radio signal and you'll probably see why your wireless connection is so bad.  So don't expect the laws of physics to be transcended by a tiny little weak wireless networking signal, it's not going to happen.If you can configure and connect your camera wirelessly when it's sitting on the (desk, table, whatever) in the same room as your router but it disconnects constantly when you mount it where you want it, this is probably the reason why.This camera does NOT have pan/tilt/zoom or voice capabilities and the product description doesn't say it does.  I see several comments by one person asking that question.You need to know how to "find" the camera on your network.  Even if you know your subnet (like 192.168.0.x or 10.0.0.x) there are still 255 possible IP addresses that the camera can use.  It will take you all day to go through all the permutations possible.  If you don't know your LAN subnet you'll never find the camera.  So furtunatly these cameras come with software to find and configure the IP address of the camera.  Follow the directions, they're not hard.  If you find those directions insurmountable then IP cameras are not something you should be buying in the first place.  If you don't know what "IP" stands for in "IP Camera" then my advice is to either avoid IP cameras or get some help from someone who understands such things.The directions are fairly well written and easy to follow.  This is somewhat rare for lower priced goods coming from China.  It looks to me like Tenvis actually hired someone who writes English reasonably well to do the manual and instructions.All cameras will "flicker" in certain bright light conditions.  This is the automatic exposure trying to adjust itself.  This will be especially a problem if you have the camera pointed at something really bright (like a white concrete driveway or a white car on a sunny day) and also in view of the camera is something really dark, like shade from a tree or a building.  The auto-exposure gets confused about which to adjust for.  Some cameras do this more and some do it less.  I have cameras that will only do it for a few seconds before locking the exposure to brighter or darker and I have cameras that will do it all day on a sunny day.  You should not configure cameras that have to deal with that kind of situation to automatically notify you when they trigger, you'll get a lot of false alarms.  Try to position and aim the camera so that it's either looking at a bright field or a dark field.  My porch is in shadow all day, that's a dark field.  In late afternoon the sun shines on the porch, that's a light field. At the transition point between dark and light and depending on the time of year no matter what camera I put there will flicker more or less.  This is not a malfunction in the cameras.  If it's an issue then it's a malfunction in the understanding of the camera owner/operator.As far as remote access goes, you can do as you like but it will be a cold day in the hot place before I use DDNS (Dynamic Domain Name Service) from a Chinese manufacturer running on a DNS server in China or under control of the Chinese.  You have NO idea what kind of back door they may have built into anything electronic including these cameras.  For all you know the cameras can be accessed through that DDNS routing.  If you use their DDNS they have your routing (they know where your camera is on the internet and how to get to it) and all they needed to do is put a blind Admin user and password in the firmware that you can't see and don't know about.  My cameras do NOT talk to the internet, they talk to Blue Iris and Blue Iris talks to the internet.  The cameras themselves are blocked from any internet access at my firewall.  I use DynDNS . org and a free account for a dynamic DNS service.  It's an American company with their servers in America and it is NOT under control of the Chinese manufacturer of these or any other cameras or electronic devices.Although these (and any other similar) cameras are outdoor rated cameras, try to locate them in as sheltered a spot as you can when you mount them.  The more sun and rain/snow you can keep off of an outdoor camera the longer it will last and the better it will work.  It's not always possible to do that and still get the view from the camera that you need to have but do put some thought into where you're going to put them.  The hardest thing on the electronic components is heat, so try to avoid mounting them where they will be in hot, bright sunlight all day long if you can.  Besides being hard on electronics heat causes air to expand, which creates positive pressure.  Some air will leak out of the camera housing when this happens.  Then at night when the camera cools down the air inside it contracts- as the dewpoint comes up the camera will be exposed to moisture or moist air and will have a negative internal pressure.  Meaning it will suck moist air in from outside the camera housing.  It may do this very little at first but as the seals age it will do it more and more.  I've opened up failed cameras and poured water out of the camera housing.  More shelter is better, less heat fluctuation is better, less exposure to moisture is better.  You get the idea, I'm sure.To sum this all up-Positives:1. Good, usable video in colors very close to what the eye sees in daylight.2. Good, usable video in shades of gray to about 30 feet while in infrared mode at night.3. A really good price.4. Easy to install with the included camera-finding software.  If you're using DHCP on the camera then the IP can change when the camera is powered off.  You need to set a static IP on your local LAN for cameras.5. No problem for someone with modest networking skills and a basic working knowledge of networks to set up.  Easier by far than many other cameras, especially those manufactured a couple years or more ago.  If you understand the terms and language in this review then you should have little trouble if any.6. Clear, easy to follow instructions (which I read after I deployed the cameras but did not use).7. Reasonable expectations will yield reasonable results with these cameras.8. The mounting bracket is exceptionally well constructed for this kind of camera.  It tightens down and holds the camera very rigidly.9. So far I have no serious issues with them.  So far there is nothing about these cameras that will keep me from buying more of them.10. While there are certainly cameras that generate a better image available on the market, there are no cameras that I'm aware of that yield video this good at this price.  The saying goes "You get what you pay for" and in this case you do actually get a good value for what you're paying.Negatives:1.  The field of view is pretty narrow.  This could have been corrected by the manufacturer using a lens that has been ground to provide a wider angle view.  There is no significant difference in the cost of one lens over another.  A lens ground to provide a wider field of view will also distort some of the image accordingly.  That's probably why they didn't use a wider angle lens- because people would complain about distortion.  I could live with some distortion to cover more area.2.  The power/wired networking pigtail (cable) is VERY short.  It's only about a foot and a half or so long.  Because of where I positioned the two cameras I bought this was not an issue but it certainly could be depending on where you intend to place the camera(s).  I.E. if you're going to put them on the side of a house where there's no access to the interior in the immediate vicinity of the camera you're going to have to make a hole to put the cable through.  Not a small hole either, it's going to have to be about 1.5 - 2 in. in diameter for the square network plug to fit through.  Other cameras I've bought in the past had a good 4 feet or more in cable length so they could be mounted near a corner and the cable snaked around to a soffit vent.  This part of the camera system has the power connector, the wired network connector and a reset button on it and should not be directly exposed to weather.  Bear that in mind when considering these cameras.  I don't care about holes as I'm not ever going to move from where I am, but you might care.3. Apparently the wireless function cannot be completely disabled.  This can be problematic because the cameras "see" each others wifi signal and list those signal sources as choices in the wireless connection list of options.  So if you have two cameras in close proximity with two separate views (like on the corner of a building) then the cameras can be misconfigured to connect to each other, making the connection useless.  This is also an issue because the more wireless traffic the greater the wireless congestion becomes.  If you don't need the wireless functions and have the cameras hardwired via Ethernet then this causes unnecessary congestion and confusion.  Confusion because it took me a while to figure out what was going on with my wireless system.  Confusion because I had a wireless repeater in the vicinity that would connect to the cameras (causing a loop, which rendered the wireless signal useless)instead of the wireless base station it should have been connecting to- because the proximity of the cameras created a stronger signal that the repeater defaulted to.  The cameras almost act like wireless repeaters themselves ... but not quite.  If this is a feature of these cameras then I'm not aware of it and it's not documented in the manual(s).  It would be great if the cameras were wireless repeaters (wireless to wireless) or even AP's (wireless Access Points that connect from wired to wireless) because then you'd have an expanded wireless network anywhere you put one of these cameras.  I don't think that's the case, I think that because these are cheap cameras the assumption was made that they would always be used wirelessly and so shortcuts were taken in firmware coding and hardware.  If you're having any issues related to this quirk and you don't need the wireless system on the cameras then be sure to NOT create a wireless profile and be sure to click the "Disconnect" button at the top of the wireless configuration page.  If you scan for wireless networks or click the "rescan" button they'll try to connect even with out a profile.  This is an irritating quirk not something that causes loss of functionality so I didn't take a star off for it.  I'm putting it here where people can find it in case others have issues with this problem.I like these cameras and at this price I will probably buy a few more of them.::S.L.::5.0::April 7, 2014
R39DTULEQE6TS5::Great Deal, good price, easy to setup and ship very fast.::it's very easy to install and setup, point to my drive way and front yard.Picture quality is very good, clear images and detail, looks like HD in tablet or mobile phone  even it's VGA (640x480) standard.also it can be mounted to anywhere, angle is adjustment.I may order another one and monitor my back yard.I think it would be a very good deal.::Jia Yan::5.0::April 2, 2014
R22OAD003UJNI8::Don't buy it!!!::The camera has very poor color. In the sunlight, it has a hard time and flashes dark and bright which in turn triggers the record on blue iris. I would not ever recommend this camera to anyone.::Phillip Arnold::2.0::April 29, 2013
R24QHE1VSYZQ26::OK, but just OK::This camera will suffice to detect intruders but there are better solutions.1. Construction is very good. The housing seems solid and the mounting bracket is very sturdy and holds its position. Doesn't wiggle in the wind.2. Angle of view in my camera is a measured 30 degrees, not the 39.8 degrees (horizontal) as advertised. I doubt that it has a 6mm lens, more likely a 9mm.3. Can't read license plates unless the vehicle is very close. This is due to the 640x480 resolution. At night, the reflectance built into the plates washes them out completely. The nighttime effect is likely common to all IR illuminated cameras.4. Nighttime illumination is very good. I can easily see and detect objects at the end of my driveway which is about 50 feet away.5. Wireless works pretty well. My camera is about 30 feet from the router and there are several intervening walls.6. Instruction manual is thorough and written in decent English.7. Daytime colors are horrible. Blues and greens are completely washed out. My grass looks like it is covered in snow. Apparently there is no IR cut filter in this camera. This is not good if you are attempting to identify an interloper by noting the color of his shirt (or car).8. You have to deal with the pigtails for the little AC power converter and the reset button. If you decided to hardwire this unit with Cat-5 cable (rather than wireless) you could run the power up that cable and use a POE splitter at the camera to power it. That would get rid of the AC power converter.9. Works with ZoneMinder and Blue Iris software.I have this camera installed over my driveway now but I will replace it with one with higher resolution. I will then move the Tenvis to sideyard duty where its issues aren't so important.::AngryHouseFlies::3.0::December 17, 2012
R331ZND96DGBMJ::ip bullet camera::it works and it was quick and easy to set up.  can't ask for anything more.  good quality picture and well built camera.::Wilson Mark Jr.::5.0::June 4, 2014
R5NR57824FEDM::Good Camera for the Money::This camera works well, picture is acceptable, email, motion detection alerts are good. Just keep in mind you have to hook up the camera to you router via ethernet before you can activate the wireless connection. Don't mount the camera and then look for the wireless on your router, it will not work. Plug the camera in set up you network/ wireless then unplug and go mount it outside where you want it.::Darien Parmenter::5.0::June 3, 2014
RUVSWSBKIOQD3::GREAT VIDEO EASY TO USE.::AMAZING CAMERA AT A GREAT PRICE. EAST USE AND MOUNT.  WOULD BUY AGAIN AND TELL MY FRIENDS TO BUY. GOOD VIDEO AND SOUND.  MIKE G.::mike::5.0::June 2, 2014
R1CFIINWNW64OK::Ive used about 5 different ip cameras - for the price its good so far::I have setup 4 of these cameras around my house and record them using ip camera viewer 2 for mac. The only problem I ran into was the camera I setup in my driveway was very blurry. I emailed support and they do not understand english much at all so as far as support goes your on your own. However - after looking on google I figured out by looking at a manual for another ip camera that you have to unscrew the lens cover - take 2 screws out that hold the camera piece in and loosen a set screw and then twist the camera lens itself until its focused properly. Afterwards you just have to put it back together. Also picked up some 1' metal brackets to make them stick out from the house more for a better view and more flexible rotation control. Now lets see how long they last......::Wyre::4.0::May 29, 2014
R3II7E3FE51AX2::Great Camera::I wasn't sure what to expect but this camera is great!The picture quality is really good.  The camera was easy to install, easy to setup on my PC and with the Tenvis sight App on my Android phone I can view the camera remotely.  I couldn't be happier and plan on adding a few more cameras real soon.::Chris Reneau::5.0::May 28, 2014
RIMJZ7WDNNXWT::Great Outdoor HD IP Camera::Camera was easy to setup and was easily recognizable and configurable with the included software. The field of vision is less than what was describe and for me to get a full picture of my driveway, I had to mount the camera 40 feet back and 12 feet high just to cover my two cars only. Recommend using a  CMOS camera like those used for interior cameras. Housing is well constructed and great image for the price. During the day, perfect HD clarity and color. Night time is a little washed out with color but still a clear picture. Again wish the field of view for the camera was like those of indoor camera. These are more in line for commerical use and not home security in my opinion.::SGH::5.0::May 28, 2014
R2SCLTBI0SSL88::You get what you pay for::The camera does the job, but it isn't really what I wanted. The field of view is far too narrow for my location -- I'd need to set it up at least 100 feet further away to get the field of view I need. Setup was downright inconvenient, requiring me to connect the camera directly to the router via Ethernet cable just to get the camera on the wireless network. The mounting hardware is not very flexible, making it difficult to aim the camera in the exact direction you want unless you can move the structure it's attached to. (Not possible in my case.) The software DOES allow the image to be flipped, however, so if you have to mount it upside down, you can. The iOS app is minimal, with no capability for changing settings. The picture is okay. The alarm feature works well, but you must connect via a computer to enable/disable it, which is yet another inconvenience. If you leave it enabled and the camera is in a busy place, it'll keep sending notifications. I need the ability to turn it on or off when I'm away from home, so this is a royal pain in the butt. To make matters worse, when I attempted a firmware update, the camera crashed and now won't connect to the network. I'm hoping a power recycling will fix it; the thought of removing it from its perch just to reconnect it to my router via Ethernet is not making me a happy camper.This was my first foray into security cameras. I was hoping for a cheap solution but this is definitely not it.::Maria Langer::3.0::May 19, 2014
R2BLAFJ6QIIK9K::not for me::its not a terrible product . but it doesnt swivel on its own and the wires are big and bulky making it hard to install outside::Richie A::2.0::May 18, 2014
R9SIFNAUJ9RD7::Excelent camera...very easy to configure and resolution!!!::I found a very high quality camera. When I tried to configure it in my house and see through my iphone found it was very easy to me that I never used an IP camera before.I'm very happy with it and recomend to buy.::Martin Ghia::5.0::May 14, 2014
R1LNKP4PVZ7BIG::Avoid - serious problems with Tenvis camera firmware.::I've been using two of these cameras outdoors for over a year, and would recommend avoiding them at all costs.As soon as I can be bothered/have some spare cash to replace them I will - there is a serious error in the camera firmware.These cameras will malfunction in sunlight.Its acceptable that sun coming in and out of clouds might trigger a false alarm, but these cameras have a faulty auto-gain system which will flash images rapidly light and dark the moment the sun present - creating 1000's of false alarms each day.Even using Zoneminder, the excellent Linux-based CCTV software, you can't mitigate the flashing - these cameras are a nightmare.Tenvis support is is next to useless, they will not engage with customers and refuse to accept their firmware has a serious bug.There are repeated requests in Tenvis own support forums where customers complaints are shut down by Tenvis staff insisting on private message or email, only to suggest people point the camera away from the sun.It could all be fixed if Tenvis accepted there is a problem and released updated, properly tested, firmware.Bad product, bad firmware, bad company. Avoid.::Ash::1.0::May 9, 2014
R1AVRFUQG2S5UU::Very pleased::Easy to install once I quit trying short cuts to install and just used the included software.Picture quality was better than expected.  Night vision was as described; however where I finally placed the camera that is not a issue as my area is very well lit, but it will be a good back up if for some reason my lighting fails to turn on..I plan to buy at least one more to complete my exterior security.::Wes Obie::5.0::May 7, 2014
R3NW44X3203DOK::Nice::Easy set-up works as well as a Foscam 1891 and can use the same software set up tool,  yet cheaper...::foxvon "Eat, Drink and Be Merry..."::4.0::May 2, 2014
R1T8CKQLH27ODY::Operationally Deficient::Hoped for easy install and good, clear, consistent transmission.  The install went fine without much trouble.  However, camera signal required extended wi-fi range adapter to operate 50' from router.  Tenvis program dropped signal so frequently that it was impossible to get a consistent view of the area under surveillance.  Reboot of camera and router/extender fixed the situation temporarily but never for more than minutes at a time.  Removed camera from site and returned.::Richard Wachter::1.0::May 1, 2014
R2GW5WILGX5QDQ::Great camera, Easy to setup and use. Picture perfect, email alert works great. Thank you.::Great camera, Easy to setup and use. Picture perfect, email alert works great. Thank you. Will buy again soon. A+ quality::MARK::5.0::April 29, 2014
R3TUL14RR4K0GN::OUTDOOR CAMS::THESE OUTDOOR CAMERAS WERE A BREEZE TO INSTALL, THE ETHERNET SET UP WAS SIMPLE, AND CONNECTING THEM VIA WIFI IS A GREAT FEATURE FOR OUTDOOR MOUNTING..::Guy Minto::5.0::April 29, 2014
R1ONIZPR8FIU7C::OK camera::Easy to get going, solid construction, very nice and sound mount brackets.I tried many "sets" - no one (at reasonable price) demonstrated acceptable picture.Decent picture resolution.Updated:Lost WiFi connection two times in two days. Soft reboot did not help, needed to unplug to get it working.Reduced from 5 stars to 3 for this reason::shalakoff::3.0::April 15, 2014
R13QJ1OVDM0UXY::Camera Review 1::It was a little tricky to setup wireless but overall - great product, easy to use after it's setup, great visibility even at night.Buying more and getting my neighbors as well::Galina Dementev::5.0::April 13, 2014
R1USXR76ZMNXAF::Awesome camera!::I've had really good luck from Zettaguard and Tenvis cameras!! Will definitely purchase from them again! Fairly easy to set up when you get the hang of it.::Gary Wayne Mays::5.0::April 2, 2014
RPH8PO7V6T34I::DRHproperties review::Great small business or home security camera. Quality of picture is great with light and dark rooms. Shell is good quality.Would recommend to friend based on price and ease of setup/operation.::Derrick Haaland::5.0::March 9, 2014
R2B4LBWV6BM1QG::poor quality, intermittent drop-out with WIFI - 35" from access point, won't buy again::I bought this to work with a Synology 212j, it can only connect using the mpeg connection. it started failing after about 6 months.I own several other Tenvis cameras they all are similar, cheap to buy and sad to own.::SH "Steve from the Mountains in NM"::1.0::February 11, 2014
R1RR02YYPPMDN9::Great product for the price.::great camera. interface is good. installation is good. camera is 6mm, and sometimes to close to the subject. Used for outdoor viewing::kathleen manuta::4.0::December 15, 2013
R18L6TUKKF04B0::Does what it should ..::Copy onto a CD & handed to Sheriff dept Serg. & he made a arrest.. So I am happy with this camera. Bought one too see if I liked it & just recieved 2 more today. Shipping was a lot quicker this time. Very happy with product..::TWeber::5.0::April 17, 2013
R1TKJM6Z6UDMNP::My first IP camera::Excellent packaging, nicely made articulating support arm.The setup instructions started out very simple and led me to say, "I can do this, no problem.", but it was all downhill from there.When I connected an ethernet cable from my router to the camera and plugged in the 12 Volt power adapter I was supposed to see the green LED blinking and the yellow LED on steady. Didn't happen, both LEDs blinked continuously. My network could not "see" the camera. I spent about 45 minutes replacing ethernet cables and restarting everything in my network and got nothing but 2 blinking LEDs. I knew that the 12 volt power adapter was powering the camera because when I unplugged the power  adapter the LEDs stopped blinking. I decided to check the output of the 12 volt power adapter. My digital multimeter showed an output of 23 volts! No wonder the camera was not working! A few minutes of rummaging around in my junk box produced a 12 volt power adapter with the correct plug and when I plugged it in the camera was happy and my network found it.Very little of the "automatic setup" worked. When it asked for the User and Password I tried everything on the data plate of the camera without success, then finally realized that THERE IS NO PASSWORD, it's left blank. Tenvis has a YouTube video showing how to set up Tenvis cameras, but it's little more than someone with a Chinese accent reading the instructions that I already had in front of me.I somehow managed to fumble through it all and it works now, but I honestly can't tell you how I did it.Update: The Tenvis software will not record video from the camera unless your browser is Internet Explorer. It will take a "snapshot" with all the other browsers, but no video (this according to Tenvis).Next update: WiFi died about 8 hours after installation and resisted all efforts to revive it. Still works fine on ethernet cable but the location where I need it will never have a cable, so back it goes. Star rating amended to 1.Update 7/03/13: After I received the RMA from Amazon for the defective camera I ordered a replacement (I liked it while it was working). Amazon shipped from a different vendor this time.After unpacking the new camera (and checking the 12 volt power adapter for the proper voltage) it connected to my network via ethernet cable immediately but then consistently refused to connect wirelessly throughout an entire afternoon of starting, restarting, changing cables, watching YouTube videos, searching forums, trying various IP addresses, etc.. Step 3 of the Camera Wizard always assured me that it was, in fact, connected wirelessly to my network, but my network never saw it (I have several other wireless video devices on my network and they all work perfectly with no more effort than entering the SSID and the password).Back it goes again. No more Tenvis cameras for me.::Ed B.::1.0::June 27, 2013
RGQSFA6QB0GSC::camera not good as I desired::I installed the camera after received, and only worked three days and stop to capture the image. The camera is still set on my roof, I probably climb up to roof and see what's going on this weekend. One thing for sure now is camera's power is still on. Other considering is App for Iphone, the problem maybe caused by App since Apple upgrade to IOS 6.::Geek1998::2.0::September 28, 2012
R2TYZC4EEZ29PA::tenvis ip391w::Great technical support for set up of wireless camera. I bought two and plan on buying one more. They work great.::Griff::4.0::August 2, 2012
R1UP4WJ8V46UH9::tenvis security outdoor camera::camera very hard to hookup its great to give for a gift to somebody you don't like it will drive them crazy Send it back to china what a waste of money::Raymond V.::1.0::July 3, 2013
RWZMZLG247EV7::Careful with Motherboard/CPU compatibility for this card::What you want to know about this card upfront:Careful with the processor and motherboard combination you choose to install this card in.  All I can say for sure is that it seems to work with an AsRock Z77 based motherboard and 3570K processor.  Only time will tell if other unknown incompatibilities I am not aware of at this time are present.What you want to know about Amazon as far as this card is concerned:Amazon was exemplary in its dealing with the problem I experienced with this card and accepting the return of the first card which on hindsight was almost certainly not defective.  That kind of customer service is invaluable.What follows is what you may face if you purchase one of these cards:This card is a mixed bag due to the manufacturer.  It is not compatible with a lot of common hardware.  Specifically, the first one I got worked fine as long as 5 or less cameras were connected to it.  If 6 or more cameras were connected to it, the video would be corrupted.  After testing every possible thing in the installation, including cables, connectors, cameras and camera combinations, computer configuration and every imaginable detail, I was convinced the card was defective and sent it back.  The fact that it worked fine with 5 cameras but not 6 seemed to indicate a defective card.The replacement card (same model) exhibited the same problem but with one additional camera connected to it.  That is, if 7 (instead of 6) or more cameras were connected to it, the video would be corrupted in the same way as it was with the first card.  At this point it seemed unlikely to have gotten 2 bad cards in a row and further testing/research was warranted.After spending days testing everything imaginable again and taking the computer system to a different location where 16 cameras were already installed and working properly with a GV-1480A (not B), the system with the 1480B card exhibited the corrupted video problem while the system with the 1480A card did not..  This clearly established the problem to exist in the system hosting the 1480B card.After contacting the manufacturer and getting a list of compatible motherboard and CPU combinations and, a lot of hardware swapping, it became clear that this card is _not_ compatible with the intel i5-3570 CPU on the motherboard (the motherboard itself was intel made, very standards abiding as most intel motherboards are) but is compatible with a 3570K (a very similar processor)Additionally, be aware that the list of compatible motherboards given by the manufacturer is _incorrect_.  The manufacturer claims the B version of the card is not compatible with Sandy Spring and Ivy Bridge chipsets.  That information is _incorrect _.  The card is now working (tested with 16 cameras connected to it) on an Ivy Bridge based motherboard (Z77 chipset) with a 3570K instead of a 3570.  What this card seems to be sensitive to is the graphics processor built into the CPU (and possibly other things which I do not know at this time and hopefully won't find out the hard way in the future.)The manufacturer (geovision) should be a bit more diligent and figure out which processors this card is, and isn't, compatible with instead of having its customers figure it out for them.  This card does not work with 3570 processors no matter which motherboard you use.  It will work with the 3570K as long as it "likes" the motherboard as well.  The U.S representative of the manufacturer genuinely tried to help as much as she could but, the information she has available to offer leaves something to desire. She gets due credit for her genuine desire to help and having helped as much as she could given the information available to her.When the card is on a compatible platform, it is a capable card that gives good performance, features and image.  It would get 5 stars if this evaluation was based on its performance alone but, considering the lack of reliable and up to date information about its hardware compatibility, I cannot give it a better rating.::440bx::3.0::November 2, 2013
R331CQANMJADSP::What???? $500 more to add 3rd party IP cameras????::OK, this is going back.  It works and installs on WIN 7 64 easily and nicely.  BUT!!! when I went to install my 3rd party IP cameras  (Huacam) it identified them but failed to connect.  30 minutes later I came across a PDF for installing a USB dongle (which explains the error message I had "USB count is zero") that gives you a license for connecting 3rd party cameras.  This is explained NO WHERE in the packaging or advertising; while they make BIG claims about 3rd party connectivity.  $100 for one camera; five hundred for the max.I am ordering the New Avermedia card which is $200 more but does not require add on costs.::Mary C. Clark::2.0::June 13, 2013
R2KJFKQ5Y07YZ4::this card working good::this card working good very clean screen and you can see on your phone anywhere (i phone or android) this is good deal.::HyunJunLim::5.0::December 3, 2013
R1NOQECFP4K5DG::Geovision cards always have the best quality::The card works great. The only thing I missed was that had to download the Geovision Multicam System. I wish it came with the drivers but you can get it anyway from Geovision's website. Love the quality of this 1480B card.::Nadia Suarez::5.0::October 24, 2013
R2WN1GNPRCDIFS::Geovision GV-1480B Excelant Card::This was exactly what I expected Geovision GV-1480B-16 card. Installed it in a new computer (You must have a PCIE 4X slot minimum). I used a 16X slot and not a problem. This was a replacement for my GV-800-4 card Have had for 5 Years). This is a definite improvement over the older card. Easy to set up if you are familiar with the Geovision software. If your not familiar with the software it will take a little getting used to, the install is fairly easy as far as using all the bells and whistles available in the software it takes a little time to figure out how to get it set up to meet your needs. The internet is a great resource for how to videosAlso the IP cube camera was a plus nice small camera that works well and easy to set up.::Donald M. Baack "DB"::5.0::April 1, 2013
